Updating Subscription Management repositories.
Installed Packages
1password.x86_64                                                 8.9.4-1                                @1password                                      
1password-cli.x86_64                                             2.11.0-1                               @1password                                      
Box2D.x86_64                                                     2.4.1-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
LibRaw.x86_64                                                    0.20.2-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ModemManager.x86_64                                              1.18.8-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                         1.18.8-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
NetworkManager.x86_64                                            1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                                       1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                                  1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch                 1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-initscripts-ifcfg-rh.x86_64                       1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-initscripts-updown.noarch                         1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                                      1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                                1.2.8-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                          1.2.8-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                                    1:1.8.18-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                              1:1.8.18-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                        1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                                       1:1.2.10-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                                 1:1.2.10-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-ssh.x86_64                                        1.2.12-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-ssh-gnome.x86_64                                  1.2.12-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                       1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                                       1:1.2.8-1.fc36                         @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome.x86_64                                 1:1.2.8-1.fc36                         @fedora                                         
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                       1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                                       1:1.38.4-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
PackageKit.x86_64                                                1.2.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                              1.2.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                           1.2.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                               1.2.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                                    1.2.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
SDL2.x86_64                                                      2.24.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
SDL2_image.x86_64                                                2.0.5-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
ShellCheck.x86_64                                                0.7.2-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                                   3.101-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                              1.0.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                                   0.301-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
abrt.x86_64                                                      2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                           2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                                     2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                                     2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                         2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                           2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-cli.x86_64                                                  2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                                 2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                              2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-gui.x86_64                                                  2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                             2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                                       1.3.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
abrt-libs.x86_64                                                 2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                                         2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                                       2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
abrt-tui.noarch                                                  2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
accountsservice.x86_64                                           0.6.55-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                                      0.6.55-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
acl.x86_64                                                       2.3.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
act-cli.x86_64                                                   0.2.28-1.fc36                          @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:rubemlrm:act-cli
adcli.x86_64                                                     0.9.1-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                                       20190730-3.fc36                        @fedora                                         
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                            20190730-3.fc36                        @fedora                                         
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                        20190401-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                               2.030.1.050-12.fc36                    @fedora                                         
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                                      42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                        3.28-14.fc36                           @fedora                                         
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                        42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                               1.4.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
adwaita-qt6.x86_64                                               1.4.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
alsa-lib.i686                                                    1.2.7.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
alsa-lib.x86_64                                                  1.2.7.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                         2.1.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
alsa-ucm.noarch                                                  1.2.7.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
alsa-utils.x86_64                                                1.2.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
alternatives.x86_64                                              1.19-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                                          20220815-139.fc36                      @updates                                        
anaconda.x86_64                                                  36.16.5-2.fc36                         @updates                                        
anaconda-core.x86_64                                             36.16.5-2.fc36                         @updates                                        
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                              36.16.5-2.fc36                         @updates                                        
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                                 36.16.5-2.fc36                         @updates                                        
anaconda-live.x86_64                                             36.16.5-2.fc36                         @updates                                        
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                              36.16.5-2.fc36                         @updates                                        
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                        26.2-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                          36.16.5-2.fc36                         @updates                                        
annobin-docs.noarch                                              10.81-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                                        10.81-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
ansible-core.noarch                                              2.12.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
ansible-packaging.noarch                                         1-7.fc36                               @updates                                        
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                                       1-7.fc36                               @updates                                        
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                             1.0.0.20211224-5.fc36                  @updates                                        
antiword.x86_64                                                  0.37-33.fc36                           @fedora                                         
appstream.x86_64                                                 0.15.2-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
appstream-data.noarch                                            36-3.fc36                              @updates                                        
apr.x86_64                                                       1.7.0-16.fc36                          @fedora                                         
apr-util.x86_64                                                  1.6.1-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                              1.6.1-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                          1.6.1-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
aqbanking.x86_64                                                 6.5.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
at.x86_64                                                        3.2.5-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                               2.38.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                              2.44.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
atk.x86_64                                                       2.38.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
atkmm.x86_64                                                     2.28.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
atmel-firmware.noarch                                            1.3-26.fc36                            @fedora                                         
attr.x86_64                                                      2.5.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
audit.x86_64                                                     3.0.9-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
audit-libs.x86_64                                                3.0.9-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
augeas-libs.x86_64                                               1.13.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
authselect.x86_64                                                1.4.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
authselect-libs.x86_64                                           1.4.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
autocorr-en.noarch                                               1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
avahi.x86_64                                                     0.8-15.fc36                            @fedora                                         
avahi-glib.x86_64                                                0.8-15.fc36                            @fedora                                         
avahi-libs.x86_64                                                0.8-15.fc36                            @fedora                                         
avahi-tools.x86_64                                               0.8-15.fc36                            @fedora                                         
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                                              019-21.fc36                            @fedora                                         
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                              5.2-28.fc36                            @fedora                                         
babl.x86_64                                                      0.1.92-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
baobab.x86_64                                                    42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
basesystem.noarch                                                11-13.fc36                             @fedora                                         
bash.x86_64                                                      5.1.16-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
bash-completion.noarch                                           1:2.11-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
bats.noarch                                                      1.7.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
bc.x86_64                                                        1.07.1-15.fc36                         @fedora                                         
bcache-tools.x86_64                                              1.1-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
bind-libs.x86_64                                                 32:9.16.32-1.fc36                      @updates                                        
bind-license.noarch                                              32:9.16.32-1.fc36                      @updates                                        
bind-utils.x86_64                                                32:9.16.32-1.fc36                      @updates                                        
binutils.x86_64                                                  2.37-36.fc36                           @updates                                        
binutils-gold.x86_64                                             2.37-36.fc36                           @updates                                        
blivet-data.noarch                                               1:3.4.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                        2.3.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
blosc.x86_64                                                     1.21.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
bluez.x86_64                                                     5.65-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
bluez-cups.x86_64                                                5.65-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
bluez-libs.x86_64                                                5.65-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
bolt.x86_64                                                      0.9.2-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
boost-chrono.x86_64                                              1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-date-time.x86_64                                           1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                          1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                           1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-locale.x86_64                                              1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-program-options.x86_64                                     1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-regex.x86_64                                               1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-system.x86_64                                              1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
boost-thread.x86_64                                              1.76.0-12.fc36                         @updates                                        
brasero-libs.x86_64                                              3.12.3-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
brave-browser.x86_64                                             1.45.123-1                             @brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com_x86_64_ 
brave-keyring.noarch                                             1.10-1                                 @brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com_x86_64_ 
brlapi.x86_64                                                    0.8.4-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
brltty.x86_64                                                    6.5-4.fc36                             @updates                                        
btrfs-progs.x86_64                                               5.18-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
bubblewrap.x86_64                                                0.5.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
bzip2.x86_64                                                     1.0.8-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                                1.0.8-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
c-ares.x86_64                                                    1.17.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ca-certificates.noarch                                           2022.2.54-1.2.fc36                     @updates                                        
cabextract.x86_64                                                1.9.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
cairo.x86_64                                                     1.17.6-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                             1.17.6-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cairomm.x86_64                                                   1.14.2-22.fc36                         @fedora                                         
capstone.x86_64                                                  4.0.2-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                           10.2-39.fc36                           @fedora                                         
checkpolicy.x86_64                                               3.3-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
cheese.x86_64                                                    2:41.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cheese-libs.x86_64                                               2:41.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
chkconfig.x86_64                                                 1.19-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                                        10.1-15.fc36                           @fedora                                         
chrony.x86_64                                                    4.2-5.fc36                             @fedora                                         
cifs-utils.x86_64                                                6.15-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                                           6.15-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                                     1:41-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                                 1:41-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
clevis.x86_64                                                    18-9.fc36                              @updates                                        
clevis-luks.x86_64                                               18-9.fc36                              @updates                                        
clevis-pin-tpm2.x86_64                                           0.5.2-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                                      2.3.3.4-42.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc36    @fedora                                         
clucene-core.x86_64                                              2.3.3.4-42.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc36    @fedora                                         
clutter.x86_64                                                   1.26.4-8.fc36                          @fedora                                         
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                              3.0.27-9.fc36                          @updates                                        
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                               1.8.4-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cmake.x86_64                                                     3.22.2-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cmake-data.noarch                                                3.22.2-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                          3.22.2-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                                          3.22.2-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cnrdrvcups-ufr2-uk.x86_64                                        5.50-1.07                              @System                                         
cockpit.x86_64                                                   275-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                            275-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
cockpit-machines.noarch                                          273-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
cockpit-networkmanager.noarch                                    275-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                                        275-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
cockpit-storaged.noarch                                          275-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
cockpit-system.noarch                                            275-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                                275-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
code.x86_64                                                      1.71.1-1662667351.el7                  @code                                           
cogl.x86_64                                                      1.22.8-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
color-filesystem.noarch                                          1-28.fc36                              @fedora                                         
colord.x86_64                                                    1.4.6-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
colord-gtk4.x86_64                                               0.3.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
colord-libs.x86_64                                               1.4.6-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                           5.1.5-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
compsize.x86_64                                                  1.5-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
container-selinux.noarch                                         2:2.188.0-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
containerd.io.x86_64                                             1.6.8-3.1.fc36                         @docker-ce-stable                               
containers-common.noarch                                         4:1-59.fc36                            @updates                                        
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                          4.0-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
coreutils.x86_64                                                 9.0-8.fc36                             @updates                                        
coreutils-common.x86_64                                          9.0-8.fc36                             @updates                                        
corosynclib.x86_64                                               3.1.6-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
cpio.x86_64                                                      2.13-12.fc36                           @fedora                                         
cpp.x86_64                                                       12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
cracklib.x86_64                                                  2.9.6-28.fc36                          @fedora                                         
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                            2.9.6-28.fc36                          @fedora                                         
createrepo_c.x86_64                                              0.20.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                         0.20.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
criu.x86_64                                                      3.17.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
criu-libs.x86_64                                                 3.17.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
cronie.x86_64                                                    1.5.7-5.fc36                           @updates                                        
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                            1.5.7-5.fc36                           @updates                                        
crontabs.noarch                                                  1.11-27.20190603git.fc36               @updates                                        
crun.x86_64                                                      1.5-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
crypto-policies.noarch                                           20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36             @updates                                        
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                                   20220428-1.gitdfb10ea.fc36             @updates                                        
cryptsetup.x86_64                                                2.4.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                           2.4.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
ctags.x86_64                                                     5.9-3.20220206.0.fc36                  @fedora                                         
cups.x86_64                                                      1:2.4.2-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-client.x86_64                                               1:2.4.2-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-filesystem.noarch                                           1:2.4.2-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-filters.x86_64                                              1.28.15-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-filters-braille.x86_64                                      1.28.15-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                         1.28.15-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                              1:2.4.2-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-libs.x86_64                                                 1:2.4.2-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                            0.2.6-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
curl.x86_64                                                      7.82.0-8.fc36                          @updates                                        
cxl-libs.x86_64                                                  74-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                                2.1.27-18.fc36                         @fedora                                         
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                         2.1.27-18.fc36                         @fedora                                         
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                            2.1.27-18.fc36                         @fedora                                         
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                          2.1.27-18.fc36                         @fedora                                         
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                               74-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
dbus.x86_64                                                      1:1.14.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
dbus-broker.x86_64                                               32-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
dbus-common.noarch                                               1:1.14.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                               1:1.14.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
dbus-glib.x86_64                                                 0.112-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dbus-libs.i686                                                   1:1.14.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
dbus-libs.x86_64                                                 1:1.14.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
dbus-tools.x86_64                                                1:1.14.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
dbus-x11.x86_64                                                  1:1.14.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
dconf.x86_64                                                     0.40.0-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
debugedit.x86_64                                                 5.0-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
default-editor.noarch                                            6.0-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                         2.37-18.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                                    2.37-18.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                        2.37-18.fc36                           @fedora                                         
deltarpm.x86_64                                                  3.6.2-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                 36.0.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                        0.26-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
device-mapper.x86_64                                             1.02.175-7.fc36                        @fedora                                         
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                       1.02.175-7.fc36                        @fedora                                         
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                                  1.02.175-7.fc36                        @fedora                                         
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                        1.02.175-7.fc36                        @fedora                                         
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                                   0.8.7-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                              0.8.7-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                             0.9.0-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dhcp-client.x86_64                                               12:4.4.3-2.fc36                        @updates                                        
dhcp-common.noarch                                               12:4.4.3-2.fc36                        @updates                                        
diffutils.x86_64                                                 3.8-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                                     1.77-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                            3.5.28-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                                     0.3.0-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
dleyna-core.x86_64                                               0.6.0-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                           0.6.0-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
dleyna-server.x86_64                                             0.6.0-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
dmidecode.x86_64                                                 1:3.3-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dmraid.x86_64                                                    1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                     @fedora                                         
dmraid-events.x86_64                                             1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                     @fedora                                         
dmraid-libs.x86_64                                               1.0.0.rc16-52.fc36                     @fedora                                         
dnf.noarch                                                       4.14.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
dnf-data.noarch                                                  4.14.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                          4.3.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
dnsmasq.x86_64                                                   2.86-10.fc36                           @updates                                        
docker-ce.x86_64                                                 3:20.10.18-3.fc36                      @docker-ce-stable                               
docker-ce-cli.x86_64                                             1:20.10.18-3.fc36                      @docker-ce-stable                               
docker-ce-rootless-extras.x86_64                                 20.10.18-3.fc36                        @docker-ce-stable                               
docker-compose.noarch                                            1.29.2-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
docker-compose-plugin.x86_64                                     2.10.2-3.fc36                          @docker-ce-stable                               
docker-scan-plugin.x86_64                                        0.17.0-3.fc36                          @docker-ce-stable                               
dos2unix.x86_64                                                  7.4.2-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dosfstools.x86_64                                                4.2-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
dotconf.x86_64                                                   1.3-28.fc36                            @fedora                                         
double-conversion.x86_64                                         3.1.5-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dracut.x86_64                                                    056-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                                      056-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
dracut-live.x86_64                                               056-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
dracut-network.x86_64                                            056-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
dracut-squash.x86_64                                             056-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
drpm.x86_64                                                      0.5.1-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
dwz.x86_64                                                       0.14-4.fc36                            @updates                                        
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                                 1.46.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                            1.46.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ed.x86_64                                                        1.14.2-12.fc36                         @fedora                                         
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                                 20220526git16779ede2d36-4.fc36         @updates                                        
efi-filesystem.noarch                                            5-5.fc36                               @fedora                                         
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                           5-5.fc36                               @fedora                                         
efibootmgr.x86_64                                                16-12.fc36                             @fedora                                         
efivar-libs.x86_64                                               38-2.fc36                              @fedora                                         
elfutils.x86_64                                                  0.187-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                                0.187-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                               0.187-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
elfutils-libelf.i686                                             0.187-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                           0.187-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                             0.187-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                          1:28.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
enchant.x86_64                                                   1:1.6.0-30.fc36                        @fedora                                         
enchant2.x86_64                                                  2.3.2-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
eog.x86_64                                                       42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
esmtp.x86_64                                                     1.2-19.fc36                            @fedora                                         
espeak-ng.x86_64                                                 1.50-7.fc36                            @fedora                                         
ethtool.x86_64                                                   2:5.19-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
evince.x86_64                                                    42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
evince-djvu.x86_64                                               42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
evince-libs.x86_64                                               42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
evince-nautilus.x86_64                                           42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
evince-previewer.x86_64                                          42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                        42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
evolution-data-server.x86_64                                     3.44.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                           3.44.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
exempi.x86_64                                                    2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.fc36      @fedora                                         
exfatprogs.x86_64                                                1.1.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
exiv2.x86_64                                                     0.27.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                                0.27.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
expat.i686                                                       2.4.7-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
expat.x86_64                                                     2.4.7-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
expect.x86_64                                                    5.45.4-15.fc36                         @fedora                                         
f36-backgrounds-base.noarch                                      36.1.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
f36-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                     36.1.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fakeroot.x86_64                                                  1.29-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                             1.29-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                                1.0.34-2.gitb233050.fc36               @fedora                                         
fd-find.x86_64                                                   8.2.1-8.fc36                           @updates                                        
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                              2.0.0-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                                          28-24.fc36                             @fedora                                         
fedora-chromium-config.noarch                                    1.2-3.fc36                             @updates                                        
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                                     1-2.fc36                               @fedora                                         
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                                           36-4                                   @updates                                        
fedora-logos.noarch                                              36.0.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fedora-logos-httpd.noarch                                        36.0.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fedora-release-common.noarch                                     36-18                                  @updates                                        
fedora-release-identity-workstation.noarch                       36-18                                  @updates                                        
fedora-release-workstation.noarch                                36-18                                  @updates                                        
fedora-repos.noarch                                              36-4                                   @updates                                        
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                                      36-4                                   @updates                                        
fedora-third-party.noarch                                        0.10-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
fedora-workstation-backgrounds.noarch                            1.3-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
fedora-workstation-repositories.noarch                           35-3.fc36                              @fedora                                         
ferdium.x86_64                                                   6.2.1-1                                @@commandline                                   
file.x86_64                                                      5.41-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
file-libs.x86_64                                                 5.41-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
filesystem.x86_64                                                3.18-2.fc36                            @updates                                        
findutils.x86_64                                                 1:4.9.0-1.fc36                         @fedora                                         
firefox.x86_64                                                   104.0.1-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
firewalld.noarch                                                 1.0.5-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                                      1.0.5-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
flac-libs.i686                                                   1.3.4-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
flac-libs.x86_64                                                 1.3.4-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
flashrom.x86_64                                                  1.2-8.fc36                             @fedora                                         
flatpak.x86_64                                                   1.12.7-5.fc36                          @updates                                        
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                              1.12.7-5.fc36                          @updates                                        
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                           1.12.7-5.fc36                          @updates                                        
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                                    1.12.7-5.fc36                          @updates                                        
flexiblas.x86_64                                                 3.2.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                                          3.2.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                                 3.2.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                                    3.1-26.fc36                            @fedora                                         
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                                        3.1-26.fc36                            @fedora                                         
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                                        3.1-26.fc36                            @fedora                                         
fmt.x86_64                                                       8.1.1-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
folks.x86_64                                                     1:0.15.5-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
fontconfig.x86_64                                                2.14.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fonts-filesystem.noarch                                          1:2.0.5-7.fc36                         @fedora                                         
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                                         1:2.0.5-7.fc36                         @fedora                                         
fpaste.noarch                                                    0.4.2.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                           1.3-5.fc36                             @fedora                                         
fprintd.x86_64                                                   1.94.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                               1.94.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                              2:2.8.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
freetype.x86_64                                                  2.12.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                            1.7.0-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fribidi.x86_64                                                   1.0.11-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
fros.noarch                                                      1.1-28.fc36                            @fedora                                         
fros-gnome.noarch                                                1.1-28.fc36                            @fedora                                         
fstrm.x86_64                                                     0.6.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
fuse.x86_64                                                      2.9.9-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fuse-common.x86_64                                               3.10.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fuse-libs.x86_64                                                 2.9.9-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                            1.9-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
fuse3.x86_64                                                     3.10.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                                3.10.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
fwupd.x86_64                                                     1.8.4-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
fwupd-efi.x86_64                                                 1.3-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                                     1.8.4-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                                1.8.4-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64                            1.8.4-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
gamemode.x86_64                                                  1.6-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
gavl.x86_64                                                      1.4.0-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gawk.x86_64                                                      5.1.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                                        5.1.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gc.x86_64                                                        8.0.6-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
gcc.x86_64                                                       12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gcc-c++.x86_64                                                   12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                            12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                                        12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gcr.x86_64                                                       3.41.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gcr-base.x86_64                                                  3.41.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gd.x86_64                                                        2.3.3-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gdb.x86_64                                                       12.1-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gdb-headless.x86_64                                              12.1-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                                 1:1.22-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gdisk.x86_64                                                     1.0.9-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                               2.42.9-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                                       2.42.9-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gdm.x86_64                                                       1:42.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                                     10.24-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gedit.x86_64                                                     2:42.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gegl04.x86_64                                                    0.4.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
genisoimage.x86_64                                               1.1.11-49.fc36                         @fedora                                         
geoclue2.x86_64                                                  2.6.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                             2.6.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
geocode-glib.x86_64                                              3.26.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
geolite2-city.noarch                                             20191217-6.fc36                        @fedora                                         
geolite2-country.noarch                                          20191217-6.fc36                        @fedora                                         
gettext.x86_64                                                   0.21-9.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gettext-libs.x86_64                                              0.21-9.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gfbgraph.x86_64                                                  0.2.4-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                           1.5.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
ghostscript.x86_64                                               9.56.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                                   9.56.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                                9.56.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
giflib.x86_64                                                    5.2.1-14.fc36                          @updates                                        
git.x86_64                                                       2.37.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
git-core.x86_64                                                  2.37.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
git-core-doc.noarch                                              2.37.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gjs.x86_64                                                       1.72.2-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
glib-networking.x86_64                                           2.72.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
glib2.x86_64                                                     2.72.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
glib2-devel.x86_64                                               2.72.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
glibc.i686                                                       2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc.x86_64                                                     2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                                       2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc-common.x86_64                                              2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc-devel.x86_64                                               2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                                           2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                         2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                                         2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                         2.35-17.fc36                           @updates                                        
glibmm24.x86_64                                                  2.66.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
glow.x86_64                                                      1.4.1-1                                @charm                                          
glusterfs.x86_64                                                 10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                             10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                                  10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                            10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
glx-utils.x86_64                                                 8.4.0-13.20210504git0f9e7d9.fc36       @fedora                                         
gmp.x86_64                                                       1:6.2.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                                          4-15.fc36                              @fedora                                         
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                                1.4.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                              0.4.3-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                         42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                           1:42.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                                      1:42.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                               42.3-2.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                          42.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-calendar.x86_64                                            42.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-characters.x86_64                                          42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-classic-session.noarch                                     42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-clocks.x86_64                                              42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                                       3.36.0-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gnome-connections.x86_64                                         42.1.2-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
gnome-contacts.x86_64                                            42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-control-center.x86_64                                      42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                           42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                            42.4-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-desktop4.x86_64                                            42.4-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                        42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                         42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                                          3.12.0-17.fc36                         @fedora                                         
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                                       42.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                             42.1-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                         42.1-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-logs.x86_64                                                42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-maps.x86_64                                                42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-menus.x86_64                                               3.36.0-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                                     3.44.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                                       3.34.0-10.fc36                         @fedora                                         
gnome-photos.x86_64                                              42.0-3.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                                      42.4-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                                          41.0-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-session.x86_64                                             42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                             42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                                    42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                                     42.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-shell.x86_64                                               42.4-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                           42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch                     42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                              42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch                 42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch                         42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch                         42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-software.x86_64                                            42.4-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-software-rpm-ostree.x86_64                                 42.4-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                                      42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                            3.44.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                                   3.44.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                        3.28-14.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gnome-tour.x86_64                                                42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                              42~beta-1.fc36                         @fedora                                         
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                           42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnome-user-share.x86_64                                          3.34.0-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gnome-video-effects.noarch                                       0.5.0-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gnome-weather.x86_64                                             42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gnucash.x86_64                                                   4.11-3.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnucash-docs.noarch                                              4.11-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
gnupg2.x86_64                                                    2.3.7-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                              2.3.7-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
gnutls.x86_64                                                    3.7.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                               3.7.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                              3.7.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                            3.2.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
gobject-introspection.x86_64                                     1.72.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
golang.x86_64                                                    1.18.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
golang-bin.x86_64                                                1.18.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
golang-github-prometheus.x86_64                                  2.32.1-7.fc36                          @updates                                        
golang-src.noarch                                                1.18.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gom.x86_64                                                       0.4-7.fc36                             @fedora                                         
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                                      1.103-0.18.20130920.fc36               @fedora                                         
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                                   20200215-12.fc36                       @fedora                                         
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                              20201206-4.fc36                        @fedora                                         
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                             20211102-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                                  20201206-10.fc36                       @updates                                        
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.fc36                        @fedora                                         
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                           20201206-10.fc36                       @updates                                        
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                            20201206-10.fc36                       @updates                                        
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                         20201206-10.fc36                       @updates                                        
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                                 20201206-10.fc36                       @updates                                        
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                                20201206-10.fc36                       @updates                                        
gotags.x86_64                                                    1.4.1-9.fc36                           @updates                                        
gperftools-libs.x86_64                                           2.9.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gpgme.x86_64                                                     1.15.1-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gpgme-devel.x86_64                                               1.15.1-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gpgmepp.x86_64                                                   1.15.1-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gpm-libs.x86_64                                                  1.20.7-40.fc36                         @fedora                                         
graphene.x86_64                                                  1.10.6-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
graphite2.x86_64                                                 1.3.14-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
grep.x86_64                                                      3.7-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
grilo.x86_64                                                     0.3.15-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                             0.3.15-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
groff-base.x86_64                                                1.22.4-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
grub2-common.noarch                                              1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                            1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                                     1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                             1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                                      1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-pc.x86_64                                                  1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                          1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-tools.x86_64                                               1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                           1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                         1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                       1:2.06-53.fc36                         @updates                                        
grubby.x86_64                                                    8.40-67.fc36                           @updates                                        
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                                 42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
gsm.i686                                                         1.0.19-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gsm.x86_64                                                       1.0.19-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gsound.x86_64                                                    1.0.3-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gspell.x86_64                                                    1.10.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gssdp.x86_64                                                     1.4.0.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
gssproxy.x86_64                                                  0.8.4-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gst-editing-services.x86_64                                      1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gstreamer1.x86_64                                                1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.x86_64                                1.20.3-1.fc36                          @fedora-cisco-openh264                          
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                               1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                                   1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                                   1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                               1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                                1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                              1.20.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                                     3.24.34-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                                  1.3.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gtk2.x86_64                                                      2.24.33-8.fc36                         @fedora                                         
gtk3.x86_64                                                      3.24.34-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
gtk4.x86_64                                                      4.6.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
gtkd.x86_64                                                      3.9.0-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gtkmm30.x86_64                                                   3.24.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                            3.24.11-7.fc36                         @fedora                                         
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                            4.8.3-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gtksourceview5.x86_64                                            5.4.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
guestfs-tools.x86_64                                             1.48.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
guile22.x86_64                                                   2.2.7-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gupnp.x86_64                                                     1.4.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gupnp-av.x86_64                                                  0.14.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                                0.12.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                                 1.2.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gutenprint.x86_64                                                5.3.4-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                           5.3.4-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                           5.3.4-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gvfs.x86_64                                                      1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                                  1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                                  1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                              1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-client.x86_64                                               1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                                 1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                                  1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                              1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                                  1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                                  1.50.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gvnc.x86_64                                                      1.3.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gvncpulse.x86_64                                                 1.3.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
gwenhywfar.x86_64                                                5.10.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gwenhywfar-gui-gtk3.x86_64                                       5.10.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
gzip.x86_64                                                      1.11-3.fc36                            @fedora                                         
harfbuzz.x86_64                                                  4.0.0-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                              4.0.0-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
hdf5.x86_64                                                      1.12.1-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
hexedit.x86_64                                                   1.6-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                             540.1.linux3-26.fc36                   @fedora                                         
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                        0.17-13.fc36                           @updates                                        
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                                   3.28-14.fc36                           @fedora                                         
hivex-libs.x86_64                                                1.3.21-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
hostname.x86_64                                                  3.23-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
hplip.x86_64                                                     3.22.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
hplip-common.x86_64                                              3.22.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
hplip-libs.x86_64                                                3.22.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                                          1:1.001-6.20200428git336a529.fc36      @fedora                                         
http-parser.x86_64                                               2.9.4-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
httpd.x86_64                                                     2.4.54-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
httpd-core.x86_64                                                2.4.54-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                          2.4.54-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
httpd-tools.x86_64                                               2.4.54-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
hunspell.x86_64                                                  1.7.0-19.fc36                          @fedora                                         
hunspell-en.noarch                                               0.20140811.1-22.fc36                   @fedora                                         
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                            0.20140811.1-22.fc36                   @fedora                                         
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                            0.20140811.1-22.fc36                   @fedora                                         
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                                       1.7.0-19.fc36                          @fedora                                         
hwdata.noarch                                                    0.362-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                            0-0.39.20220731git.fc36                @updates                                        
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                                    0-0.39.20220731git.fc36                @updates                                        
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                              0-0.39.20220731git.fc36                @updates                                        
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                                0-0.39.20220731git.fc36                @updates                                        
hypervvssd.x86_64                                                0-0.39.20220731git.fc36                @updates                                        
hyphen.x86_64                                                    2.8.8-17.fc36                          @fedora                                         
hyphen-en.noarch                                                 2.8.8-17.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ibus.x86_64                                                      1.5.26-9.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                                1.5.14-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                         1.5.14-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                                 1.5.26-9.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                                 1.5.26-9.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                               1.5.4-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                            1.13.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-libs.x86_64                                                 1.5.26-9.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                            1.10.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                                 1.4.11-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-setup.noarch                                                1.5.26-9.fc36                          @updates                                        
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                                       2.19.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                          3.4-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                             1.4-5.fc36                             @fedora                                         
imath.x86_64                                                     3.1.5-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
info.x86_64                                                      6.8-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
inih.x86_64                                                      56-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
iniparser.x86_64                                                 4.1-9.fc36                             @fedora                                         
initscripts.x86_64                                               10.16-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                                 10.16-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
initscripts-service.noarch                                       10.16-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                                        20220815-139.fc36                      @updates                                        
ipcalc.x86_64                                                    1.0.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
iproute.x86_64                                                   5.15.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
iproute-tc.x86_64                                                5.15.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ipset.x86_64                                                     7.15-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
ipset-libs.x86_64                                                7.15-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
iptables-libs.x86_64                                             1.8.7-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
iptables-nft.x86_64                                              1.8.7-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
iptstate.x86_64                                                  2.2.6-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
iputils.x86_64                                                   20211215-2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                                          1.3-29.fc35                            @anaconda                                       
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                                          3.1-22.fc35                            @anaconda                                       
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                            20220210-1.git64113751.fc36            @updates                                        
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                                     6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36              @fedora                                         
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                            6.2.1.4-4.git2a8f9d8.fc36              @fedora                                         
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                           0.101-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
iso-codes.noarch                                                 4.9.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
isomd5sum.x86_64                                                 1:1.2.3-15.fc36                        @fedora                                         
iw.x86_64                                                        5.9-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
iwl100-firmware.noarch                                           39.31.5.1-139.fc36                     @updates                                        
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                                          1:39.31.5.1-139.fc36                   @updates                                        
iwl105-firmware.noarch                                           18.168.6.1-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
iwl135-firmware.noarch                                           18.168.6.1-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                                          18.168.6.1-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                                          18.168.6.1-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                                          1:25.30.13.0-139.fc36                  @updates                                        
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                                          15.32.2.9-139.fc36                     @updates                                        
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                                          228.61.2.24-139.fc36                   @updates                                        
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                                          8.83.5.1_1-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                                          8.24.2.2-139.fc36                      @updates                                        
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                                          9.221.4.1-139.fc36                     @updates                                        
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                                       18.168.6.1-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                                       18.168.6.1-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                                          41.28.5.1-139.fc36                     @updates                                        
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                                          1:25.30.13.0-139.fc36                  @updates                                        
iwlax2xx-firmware.noarch                                         20220815-139.fc36                      @updates                                        
jansson.x86_64                                                   2.13.1-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
jasper-libs.x86_64                                               2.0.33-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                                  1:17.0.4.1.1-1.fc36                    @updates                                        
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                                   6.0.0-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                             0.19-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                              2.1-23.fc36                            @fedora                                         
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                           0.003-35.fc36                          @fedora                                         
jose.x86_64                                                      11-5.fc36                              @fedora                                         
jq.x86_64                                                        1.6-13.fc36                            @fedora                                         
js-jquery.noarch                                                 3.6.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
json-c.x86_64                                                    0.15-3.fc36                            @fedora                                         
json-glib.x86_64                                                 1.6.6-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
jsoncpp.x86_64                                                   1.9.5-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                               1:7.222-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
jwhois.x86_64                                                    4.0-67.fc36                            @fedora                                         
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                         0.6.1-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
kasumi-common.noarch                                             2.5-37.fc36                            @fedora                                         
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                            2.5-37.fc36                            @fedora                                         
kbd.x86_64                                                       2.4.0-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
kbd-legacy.noarch                                                2.4.0-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
kbd-misc.noarch                                                  2.4.0-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                            4-67.fc36                              @fedora                                         
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                                      006-6.20220128git9603258.fc36          @fedora                                         
kernel.x86_64                                                    5.18.13-100.fc35                       @updates                                        
kernel.x86_64                                                    5.18.13-200.fc36                       @updates                                        
kernel.x86_64                                                    5.19.8-200.fc36                        @updates                                        
kernel-core.x86_64                                               5.18.13-100.fc35                       @updates                                        
kernel-core.x86_64                                               5.18.13-200.fc36                       @updates                                        
kernel-core.x86_64                                               5.19.8-200.fc36                        @updates                                        
kernel-headers.x86_64                                            5.19.4-200.fc36                        @updates                                        
kernel-modules.x86_64                                            5.18.13-100.fc35                       @updates                                        
kernel-modules.x86_64                                            5.18.13-200.fc36                       @updates                                        
kernel-modules.x86_64                                            5.19.8-200.fc36                        @updates                                        
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                                      5.18.13-100.fc35                       @updates                                        
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                                      5.18.13-200.fc36                       @updates                                        
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                                      5.19.8-200.fc36                        @updates                                        
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                                        1.0-14.fc36                            @fedora                                         
kexec-tools.x86_64                                               2.0.24-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
keybinder3.x86_64                                                0.3.2-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
keyutils.x86_64                                                  1.6.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                             1.6.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                                       1.6.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                            5.97.0-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                                     5.0-35.fc36                            @fedora                                         
kmod.x86_64                                                      29-7.fc36                              @fedora                                         
kmod-libs.x86_64                                                 29-7.fc36                              @fedora                                         
koji.noarch                                                      1.30.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
kpartx.x86_64                                                    0.8.7-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
krb5-devel.x86_64                                                1.19.2-11.fc36                         @updates                                        
krb5-libs.x86_64                                                 1.19.2-11.fc36                         @updates                                        
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                               1.19.2-11.fc36                         @updates                                        
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                          1.19.2-11.fc36                         @updates                                        
lame-libs.i686                                                   3.100-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
lame-libs.x86_64                                                 3.100-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                         3.0-25.fc36                            @updates                                        
langpacks-core-en_GB.noarch                                      3.0-25.fc36                            @updates                                        
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                                    3.0-25.fc36                            @updates                                        
langpacks-en.noarch                                              3.0-25.fc36                            @updates                                        
langpacks-en_GB.noarch                                           3.0-25.fc36                            @updates                                        
langtable.noarch                                                 0.0.58-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
lazygit.x86_64                                                   0.35-1.fc36                            @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atim:lazygit    
lcms2.x86_64                                                     2.13.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ldc-libs.x86_64                                                  1:1.27.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                        
less.x86_64                                                      590-5.fc36                             @updates                                        
libFAudio.x86_64                                                 22.09.01-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
libICE.x86_64                                                    1.0.10-8.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libSM.x86_64                                                     1.2.3-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libX11.i686                                                      1.7.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libX11.x86_64                                                    1.7.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libX11-common.noarch                                             1.7.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libX11-xcb.i686                                                  1.7.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                                1.7.3.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                             1.2.3-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libXau.i686                                                      1.0.9-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXau.x86_64                                                    1.0.9-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXcomposite.x86_64                                             0.4.5-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXcursor.x86_64                                                1.2.0-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXdamage.x86_64                                                1.1.5-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXdmcp.x86_64                                                  1.1.3-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXext.i686                                                     1.3.4-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXext.x86_64                                                   1.3.4-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXfixes.i686                                                   6.0.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXfixes.x86_64                                                 6.0.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXfont2.x86_64                                                 2.0.3-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libXft.x86_64                                                    2.3.4-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXi.x86_64                                                     1.8-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libXinerama.x86_64                                               1.1.4-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libXmu.x86_64                                                    1.1.3-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXpm.x86_64                                                    3.5.13-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libXrandr.x86_64                                                 1.5.2-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXrender.x86_64                                                0.9.10-16.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libXres.x86_64                                                   1.2.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXt.x86_64                                                     1.2.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libXtst.x86_64                                                   1.2.3-16.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libXv.x86_64                                                     1.0.11-16.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libXvMC.x86_64                                                   1.0.12-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libXxf86vm.i686                                                  1.1.4-18.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                                1.1.4-18.fc36                          @fedora                                         
liba52.x86_64                                                    0.7.4-42.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libabw.x86_64                                                    0.1.3-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libacl.x86_64                                                    2.3.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libadwaita.x86_64                                                1.1.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                            1.4.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libadwaita-qt6.x86_64                                            1.4.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libaec.x86_64                                                    1.0.6-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libaio.x86_64                                                    0.3.111-13.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libao.x86_64                                                     1.2.0-22.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libaom.x86_64                                                    3.2.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                      12.10.0-32.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                         0.8.0-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
libarchive.x86_64                                                3.5.3-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
libargon2.x86_64                                                 20171227-9.fc36                        @updates                                        
libassuan.x86_64                                                 2.5.5-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libassuan-devel.x86_64                                           2.5.5-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libasyncns.i686                                                  0.8-22.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libasyncns.x86_64                                                0.8-22.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libatasmart.x86_64                                               0.19-22.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libattr.x86_64                                                   2.5.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libavif.x86_64                                                   0.9.3-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libb2.x86_64                                                     0.98.1-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                             1.5.8-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                           0.1.1-50.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libblkid.x86_64                                                  2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                            2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev.x86_64                                               2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                                         2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                        2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                            2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                            2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                           2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                          2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                           2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                                      2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                        2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                         2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                        2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                          2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                                   2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                          2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                         2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libbluray.x86_64                                                 1.3.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libbpf.x86_64                                                    2:0.7.0-3.fc36                         @updates                                        
libbrotli.x86_64                                                 1.0.9-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libbsd.x86_64                                                    0.10.0-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libburn.x86_64                                                   1.5.4-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libbytesize.x86_64                                               2.7-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
libcacard.x86_64                                                 3:2.8.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libcanberra.x86_64                                               0.30-28.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                          0.30-28.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                          0.30-28.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcap.i686                                                      2.48-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libcap.x86_64                                                    2.48-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libcap-ng.x86_64                                                 0.8.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                         0.8.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libcbor.x86_64                                                   0.7.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcdio.x86_64                                                   2.1.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                          10.2+2.0.1-6.fc36                      @fedora                                         
libcdr.x86_64                                                    0.1.7-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcgroup.x86_64                                                 2.0-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libchamplain.x86_64                                              0.12.20-6.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                          0.12.20-6.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                         0.3.1-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcmis.x86_64                                                   0.5.2-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libcollection.x86_64                                             0.7.0-50.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libcom_err.x86_64                                                1.46.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                                          1.46.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libcomps.x86_64                                                  0.1.18-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libconfig.x86_64                                                 1.7.3-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcue.x86_64                                                    2.2.1-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libcurl.x86_64                                                   7.82.0-8.fc36                          @updates                                        
libcxx.x86_64                                                    14.0.5-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libcxxabi.x86_64                                                 14.0.5-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libdaemon.x86_64                                                 0.14-23.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libdatrie.x86_64                                                 0.2.13-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdav1d.x86_64                                                  0.9.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libdazzle.x86_64                                                 3.44.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdb.x86_64                                                     5.3.28-51.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libdbi.x86_64                                                    0.9.0-19.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdbi-dbd-sqlite.x86_64                                         0.9.0-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdbi-drivers.x86_64                                            0.9.0-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                               16.04.0-19.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                          16.04.0-19.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libde265.x86_64                                                  1.0.8-5.fc36                           @rpmfusion-free                                 
libdecor.x86_64                                                  0.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libdhash.x86_64                                                  0.5.0-50.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                            2.9.41-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdmapsharing4.x86_64                                           3.9.10-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libdnf.x86_64                                                    0.68.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libdnf-plugin-subscription-manager.x86_64                        1.29.30-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
libdrm.i686                                                      2.4.110-1.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libdrm.x86_64                                                    2.4.110-1.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libdvdnav.x86_64                                                 6.1.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libdvdread.x86_64                                                6.1.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libe-book.x86_64                                                 0.1.3-19.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libeconf.x86_64                                                  0.4.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libedit.i686                                                     3.1-41.20210910cvs.fc36                @fedora                                         
libedit.x86_64                                                   3.1-41.20210910cvs.fc36                @fedora                                         
libeot.x86_64                                                    0.01-18.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libepoxy.x86_64                                                  1.5.10-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libepubgen.x86_64                                                0.1.1-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
liberation-fonts.noarch                                          1:2.1.5-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                                   1:2.1.5-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                                     1:2.1.5-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                                     1:2.1.5-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                                    1:2.1.5-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                                 2:20220815-139.fc36                    @updates                                        
libesmtp.x86_64                                                  1.0.6-24.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libetonyek.x86_64                                                0.1.10-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libev.x86_64                                                     4.33-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libevdev.x86_64                                                  1.13.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libevent.x86_64                                                  2.1.12-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libexif.x86_64                                                   0.6.24-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libexttextcat.x86_64                                             3.4.6-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libfdisk.x86_64                                                  2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libfdt.x86_64                                                    1.6.1-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
libffi.i686                                                      3.4.2-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libffi.x86_64                                                    3.4.2-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libffi-devel.x86_64                                              3.4.2-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libfido2.x86_64                                                  1.10.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libfontenc.x86_64                                                1.1.4-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libfprint.x86_64                                                 1.94.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libfreehand.x86_64                                               0.1.2-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libfsverity.x86_64                                               1.4-7.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libftdi.x86_64                                                   1.5-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libgcab1.x86_64                                                  1.4-6.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libgcc.i686                                                      12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgcc.x86_64                                                    12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgcrypt.i686                                                   1.10.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgcrypt.x86_64                                                 1.10.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgdata.x86_64                                                  0.18.1-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgdither.x86_64                                                0.6-26.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libgee.x86_64                                                    0.20.5-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgexiv2.x86_64                                                 0.14.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgfapi0.x86_64                                                 10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libgfortran.x86_64                                               12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgfrpc0.x86_64                                                 10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libgfxdr0.x86_64                                                 10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libgit2.x86_64                                                   1.3.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libglusterd0.x86_64                                              10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libglusterfs0.x86_64                                             10.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libglvnd.i686                                                    1:1.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
libglvnd.x86_64                                                  1:1.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                              1:1.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                             1:1.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
libglvnd-glx.i686                                                1:1.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                              1:1.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                           1:1.4.0-4.fc36                         @updates                                        
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                               3.26.1-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgomp.x86_64                                                   12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgovirt.x86_64                                                 0.3.8-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libgpg-error.i686                                                1.45-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libgpg-error.x86_64                                              1.45-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                                        1.45-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libgphoto2.x86_64                                                2.5.30-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgpod.x86_64                                                   0.8.3-41.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgrss.x86_64                                                   0.7.0-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgs.x86_64                                                     9.56.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
libgsf.x86_64                                                    1.14.47-5.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libgtop2.x86_64                                                  2.40.0-8.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgudev.x86_64                                                  237-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libguestfs.x86_64                                                1:1.48.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
libguestfs-appliance.x86_64                                      1:1.48.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                            1:1.48.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
libgusb.x86_64                                                   0.3.10-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libgweather.x86_64                                               40.0-3.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libgweather4.x86_64                                              4.0.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libgxps.x86_64                                                   0.3.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libhandy.x86_64                                                  1.6.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libhangul.x86_64                                                 0.1.0-25.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libheif.x86_64                                                   1.12.0-4.fc36                          @rpmfusion-free                                 
libibverbs.x86_64                                                39.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libical.x86_64                                                   3.0.14-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libical-glib.x86_64                                              3.0.14-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libicu.x86_64                                                    69.1-6.fc36                            @updates                                        
libidn2.x86_64                                                   2.3.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libieee1284.x86_64                                               0.2.11-38.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libijs.x86_64                                                    0.35-15.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libimagequant.x86_64                                             2.17.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                          1.3.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                         12.10.1-22.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libini_config.x86_64                                             1.3.1-50.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libinput.x86_64                                                  1.21.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                               2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libipt.x86_64                                                    2.0.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libiptcdata.x86_64                                               1.0.5-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libiscsi.x86_64                                                  1.19.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libisoburn.x86_64                                                1.5.4-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libisofs.x86_64                                                  1.5.4-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libjaylink.x86_64                                                0.3.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libjcat.x86_64                                                   0.1.12-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libjose.x86_64                                                   11-5.fc36                              @fedora                                         
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                             2.1.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libjxl.x86_64                                                    0.6.1-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libkadm5.x86_64                                                  1.19.2-11.fc36                         @updates                                        
libkcapi.x86_64                                                  1.4.0-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                         1.4.0-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
libksba.x86_64                                                   1.6.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
liblangtag.x86_64                                                0.6.3-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
liblangtag-data.noarch                                           0.6.3-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libldac.x86_64                                                   2.0.2.3-10.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libldb.x86_64                                                    2.5.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
liblockfile.x86_64                                               1.17-2.fc36                            @updates                                        
liblouis.x86_64                                                  3.22.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
liblouis-utils.x86_64                                            3.22.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
liblouisutdml.x86_64                                             2.11.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
liblouisutdml-utils.x86_64                                       2.11.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libluksmeta.x86_64                                               9-13.fc36                              @fedora                                         
libmanette.x86_64                                                0.2.6-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                              1.6.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libmbim.x86_64                                                   1.26.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                             1.26.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libmediaart.x86_64                                               1.9.6-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libmetalink.x86_64                                               0.1.3-25.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libmnl.x86_64                                                    1.0.4-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libmodulemd.x86_64                                               2.14.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libmount.x86_64                                                  2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libmount-devel.x86_64                                            2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libmpc.x86_64                                                    1.2.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libmpeg2.x86_64                                                  0.5.1-24.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libmspack.x86_64                                                 0.10.1-0.7.alpha.fc36                  @fedora                                         
libmspub.x86_64                                                  0.1.4-19.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libmtp.x86_64                                                    1.1.18-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libmwaw.x86_64                                                   0.3.21-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libndp.x86_64                                                    1.8-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libnet.x86_64                                                    1.2-5.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                                    1.0.8-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                              1.0.1-21.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libnfs.x86_64                                                    4.0.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                               1:2.6.2-0.fc36                         @updates                                        
libnftnl.x86_64                                                  1.2.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libnghttp2.x86_64                                                1.46.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libnice.x86_64                                                   0.1.19-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libnl3.x86_64                                                    3.7.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                                3.7.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libnma.x86_64                                                    1.8.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libnma-gtk4.x86_64                                               1.8.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libnotify.x86_64                                                 0.7.12-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libnsl2.x86_64                                                   2.0.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libnumbertext.x86_64                                             1.0.10-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
liboauth.x86_64                                                  1.0.3-18.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libodfgen.x86_64                                                 0.1.8-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libofx.x86_64                                                    0.10.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libogg.i686                                                      2:1.3.5-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libogg.x86_64                                                    2:1.3.5-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
liborcus.x86_64                                                  0.17.2-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libosinfo.x86_64                                                 1.10.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpagemaker.x86_64                                              0.0.4-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpaper.x86_64                                                  1.1.28-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpasswdqc.x86_64                                               2.0.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libpath_utils.x86_64                                             0.2.1-50.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpcap.x86_64                                                   14:1.10.1-3.fc36                       @fedora                                         
libpciaccess.i686                                                0.16-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libpciaccess.x86_64                                              0.16-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libpeas.x86_64                                                   1.32.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                               1.32.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                                    1.32.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libphodav.x86_64                                                 2.5-6.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libphonenumber.x86_64                                            8.12.11-11.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libpinyin.x86_64                                                 2.6.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                            2.6.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libpipeline.x86_64                                               1.5.5-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libpkgconf.x86_64                                                1.8.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libplist.x86_64                                                  2.2.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libpmem.x86_64                                                   1.11.1-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpng.x86_64                                                    2:1.6.37-12.fc36                       @fedora                                         
libportal.x86_64                                                 0.5-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libpq.x86_64                                                     14.1-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libproxy.x86_64                                                  0.4.18-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                                       0.4.18-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libpskc.x86_64                                                   2.6.7-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libpsl.x86_64                                                    0.21.1-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libpwquality.x86_64                                              1.4.4-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libqb.x86_64                                                     2.0.4-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libqmi.x86_64                                                    1.30.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                              1.30.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                              1.0.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libquadmath.x86_64                                               12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libqxp.x86_64                                                    0.0.2-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
librados2.x86_64                                                 2:16.2.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libraqm.x86_64                                                   0.8.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
librbd1.x86_64                                                   2:16.2.10-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
librdmacm.x86_64                                                 39.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libref_array.x86_64                                              0.1.5-50.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                          1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                          1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-data.noarch                                          1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                                    1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                                       1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                                 1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                          1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                                       1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                                       1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                                   1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                                      1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                              1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                                     1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                                         1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                           1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                                    1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                                        1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                           1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                                    1:7.3.6.2-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
librepo.x86_64                                                   1.14.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport.x86_64                                                 2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                        2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-cli.x86_64                                             2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-fedora.x86_64                                          2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-filesystem.noarch                                      2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                             2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                                 2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                               2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                                   2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                           2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64                          2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                                  2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libreport-web.x86_64                                             2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
librevenge.x86_64                                                0.0.4-22.fc36                          @fedora                                         
librsvg2.x86_64                                                  2.54.5-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libsamplerate.x86_64                                             0.2.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libsane-airscan.x86_64                                           0.99.27-4.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                             3.22.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libsbc.x86_64                                                    1.5-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libseccomp.x86_64                                                2.5.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libsecret.x86_64                                                 0.20.5-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libselinux.i686                                                  3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libselinux.x86_64                                                3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                          3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                          3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libsemanage.x86_64                                               3.3-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libsepol.i686                                                    3.3-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libsepol.x86_64                                                  3.3-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                            3.3-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libserf.x86_64                                                   1.3.9-23.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libshout.x86_64                                                  2.4.3-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libsigc++20.x86_64                                               2.10.8-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libsigsegv.x86_64                                                2.14-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libslirp.x86_64                                                  4.6.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libsmartcols.x86_64                                              2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libsmbclient.x86_64                                              2:4.16.5-0.fc36                        @updates                                        
libsmbios.x86_64                                                 2.4.3-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libsndfile.i686                                                  1.1.0-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
libsndfile.x86_64                                                1.1.0-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
libsodium.x86_64                                                 1.0.18-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libsolv.x86_64                                                   0.7.22-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libsoup.x86_64                                                   2.74.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libsoup3.x86_64                                                  3.0.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libspectre.x86_64                                                0.2.9-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libsrtp.x86_64                                                   2.3.0-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libss.x86_64                                                     1.46.5-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libssh.x86_64                                                    0.9.6-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libssh-config.noarch                                             0.9.6-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libssh2.x86_64                                                   1.10.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                            2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                              2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                          2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                               2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libstaroffice.x86_64                                             0.0.7-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libstdc++.i686                                                   12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libstdc++.x86_64                                                 12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                           12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libstdc++-static.x86_64                                          12.2.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libstemmer.x86_64                                                0-18.585svn.fc36                       @fedora                                         
libtalloc.x86_64                                                 2.3.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libtasn1.x86_64                                                  4.18.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libtdb.x86_64                                                    1.4.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libteam.x86_64                                                   1.31-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libtermkey.x86_64                                                0.22-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libtevent.x86_64                                                 0.12.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libthai.x86_64                                                   0.1.29-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libtheora.x86_64                                                 1:1.1.1-31.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libtidy.x86_64                                                   5.8.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libtiff.x86_64                                                   4.4.0-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                            0.4.5.1-11.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libtirpc.x86_64                                                  1.3.3-0.fc36                           @updates                                        
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                               1.18.2-14.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libtommath.x86_64                                                1.2.0-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                              2.4.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libtpms.x86_64                                                   0.9.5-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                         3.3.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                            0.20.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libudfread.x86_64                                                1.1.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libudisks2.x86_64                                                2.9.4-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libunistring.x86_64                                              1.0-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libunwind.x86_64                                                 1.6.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
liburing.x86_64                                                  2.0-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
libusal.x86_64                                                   1.1.11-49.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libusb1.x86_64                                                   1.0.25-8.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                                2.0.2-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libuser.x86_64                                                   0.63-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libutempter.x86_64                                               1.2.1-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libuuid.x86_64                                                   2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
libuv.x86_64                                                     1:1.44.2-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
libv4l.x86_64                                                    1.22.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libva.x86_64                                                     2.14.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libverto.x86_64                                                  0.3.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libverto-devel.x86_64                                            0.3.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libverto-libev.x86_64                                            0.3.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-client.x86_64                                            8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                            8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                             8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64                           8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                             8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                             8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                            8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                                8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                              8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                             8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64                        8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64                        8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64                     8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64                       8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64                8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64                     8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64                       8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64                         8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64                        8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-sheepdog.x86_64                    8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-zfs.x86_64                         8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                                        8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-dbus.x86_64                                              1.4.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                                           4.0.0-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                              4.0.0-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                                           4.0.0-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                              8.1.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvisio.x86_64                                                  0.1.7-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libvisual.x86_64                                                 1:0.4.0-35.fc36                        @fedora                                         
libvmaf.x86_64                                                   2.3.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libvncserver.x86_64                                              0.9.13-12.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libvorbis.i686                                                   1:1.3.7-5.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libvorbis.x86_64                                                 1:1.3.7-5.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libvpx.x86_64                                                    1.11.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libvterm.x86_64                                                  0.3-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
libwacom.x86_64                                                  2.2.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libwacom-data.noarch                                             2.2.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libwayland-client.i686                                           1.20.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libwayland-client.x86_64                                         1.20.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                         1.20.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                            1.20.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libwayland-server.x86_64                                         1.20.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libwbclient.x86_64                                               2:4.16.5-0.fc36                        @updates                                        
libwebp.x86_64                                                   1.2.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libwinpr.x86_64                                                  2:2.8.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
libwnck3.x86_64                                                  40.1-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libwpd.x86_64                                                    0.10.3-10.fc36                         @fedora                                         
libwpe.x86_64                                                    1.12.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libwpg.x86_64                                                    0.3.3-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libwps.x86_64                                                    0.4.12-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libwsman1.x86_64                                                 2.7.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libxcb.i686                                                      1.13.1-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libxcb.x86_64                                                    1.13.1-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libxcrypt.x86_64                                                 4.4.28-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                                          4.4.28-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                           4.4.28-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libxcvt.x86_64                                                   0.1.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                              1.4.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                          1.4.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libxkbfile.x86_64                                                1.1.0-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libxklavier.x86_64                                               5.4-20.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libxml2.x86_64                                                   2.9.14-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libxmlb.x86_64                                                   0.3.10-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libxshmfence.i686                                                1.3-10.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libxshmfence.x86_64                                              1.3-10.fc36                            @fedora                                         
libxslt.x86_64                                                   1.1.37-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
libyaml.x86_64                                                   0.2.5-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
libzhuyin.x86_64                                                 2.6.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
libzmf.x86_64                                                    0.0.2-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
libzstd.i686                                                     1.5.2-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
libzstd.x86_64                                                   1.5.2-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
lilv-libs.x86_64                                                 0.24.12-5.fc36                         @fedora                                         
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                                            2.5.1-31.fc36                          @fedora                                         
linux-firmware.noarch                                            20220815-139.fc36                      @updates                                        
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                                     20220815-139.fc36                      @updates                                        
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                              1.0.18-12.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lldpad.x86_64                                                    1.1.0-5.git85e5583.fc36                @fedora                                         
llvm-libs.i686                                                   14.0.5-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
llvm-libs.x86_64                                                 14.0.5-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                                 0.9.29-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
lockdev.x86_64                                                   1.0.4-0.37.20111007git.fc36            @fedora                                         
logmein-hamachi.x86_64                                           2.1.0.203-1                            @System                                         
logrotate.x86_64                                                 3.20.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                                      2.91.5-13.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                       2.91.5-13.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                                    2.95.5-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                                      2.92.4-13.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                       2.5.4-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                          2.91.2-13.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                         2.91.3-13.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                        2.5.5-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                                        2.1-5.fc36                             @fedora                                         
lpsolve.x86_64                                                   5.5.2.0-28.fc36                        @fedora                                         
lrzsz.x86_64                                                     0.12.20-55.fc36                        @fedora                                         
lsof.x86_64                                                      4.94.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
lsscsi.x86_64                                                    0.32-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
lttng-ust.x86_64                                                 2.13.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
lua.x86_64                                                       5.4.4-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
lua-devel.x86_64                                                 5.4.4-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
lua-libs.x86_64                                                  5.4.4-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
lua-posix.x86_64                                                 35.1-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
lua-rpm-macros.noarch                                            1-6.fc36                               @fedora                                         
lua-sec.x86_64                                                   1.2.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
lua-socket.x86_64                                                3.1.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                           1-6.fc36                               @fedora                                         
luajit.x86_64                                                    2.1.0-0.25beta3.fc36                   @updates                                        
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                             1.43.0.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
luarocks.noarch                                                  3.7.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
luksmeta.x86_64                                                  9-13.fc36                              @fedora                                         
lutris.x86_64                                                    0.5.11-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
lvm2.x86_64                                                      2.03.11-7.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                                2.03.11-7.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                                 2.03.11-7.fc36                         @fedora                                         
lynx.x86_64                                                      2.9.0-dev.10.2.fc36                    @updates                                        
lz4-libs.i686                                                    1.9.3-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
lz4-libs.x86_64                                                  1.9.3-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
lzo.x86_64                                                       2.10-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
lzop.x86_64                                                      1.04-8.fc36                            @fedora                                         
m17n-db.noarch                                                   1.8.0-26.fc36                          @updates                                        
m17n-lib.x86_64                                                  1.8.0-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
m4.x86_64                                                        1.4.19-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
mactel-boot.x86_64                                               0.9-26.fc36                            @fedora                                         
mailcap.noarch                                                   2.1.53-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
mailx.x86_64                                                     12.5-41.fc36                           @fedora                                         
make.x86_64                                                      1:4.3-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
malcontent.x86_64                                                0.10.3-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
malcontent-control.x86_64                                        0.10.3-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
malcontent-libs.x86_64                                           0.10.3-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
malcontent-ui-libs.x86_64                                        0.10.3-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
man-db.x86_64                                                    2.10.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
man-pages.noarch                                                 5.13-4.fc36                            @updates                                        
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                                       3.2.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                                3.2.7-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
mcelog.x86_64                                                    3:175-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
mdadm.x86_64                                                     4.2-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
mdevctl.x86_64                                                   1.2.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
media-player-info.noarch                                         23-10.fc36                             @fedora                                         
mediawriter.x86_64                                               5.0.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
memstrack.x86_64                                                 0.2.4-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
mercurial.x86_64                                                 6.1.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                            22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                          22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-filesystem.i686                                             22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                           22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                               22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-libGL.i686                                                  22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                                22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                               9.0.1-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                               22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-libglapi.i686                                               22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                             22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                         22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                                         22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                                       22.1.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                             2:2.1-51.1.fc36                        @updates                                        
mkpasswd.x86_64                                                  5.5.13-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mlocate.x86_64                                                   0.26-300.fc36                          @fedora                                         
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                            20210805-2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
mod_dnssd.x86_64                                                 0.6-26.fc36                            @fedora                                         
mod_http2.x86_64                                                 1.15.24-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
mod_lua.x86_64                                                   2.4.54-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
mokutil.x86_64                                                   2:0.6.0-3.fc36                         @updates                                        
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                        1.9-28.fc36                            @fedora                                         
mozilla-openh264.x86_64                                          2.3.0-1.fc36                           @fedora-cisco-openh264                          
mozjs91.x86_64                                                   91.13.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
mpage.x86_64                                                     2.5.7-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
mpdecimal.x86_64                                                 2.5.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
mpfr.x86_64                                                      4.1.0-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
mpg123-libs.i686                                                 1.30.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                               1.30.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
msgpack.x86_64                                                   3.1.0-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
mtdev.x86_64                                                     1.1.6-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
mtools.x86_64                                                    4.0.40-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
mtr.x86_64                                                       2:0.95-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
mutt.x86_64                                                      5:2.2.7-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
mutter.x86_64                                                    42.4-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
mythes.x86_64                                                    1.2.4-18.fc36                          @fedora                                         
mythes-en.noarch                                                 3.0-33.fc36                            @fedora                                         
nano.x86_64                                                      6.0-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
nano-default-editor.noarch                                       6.0-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
nautilus.x86_64                                                  42.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                                       42.2-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
ncurses.x86_64                                                   6.2-9.20210508.fc36                    @fedora                                         
ncurses-base.noarch                                              6.2-9.20210508.fc36                    @fedora                                         
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                                       6.2-9.20210508.fc36                    @fedora                                         
ncurses-libs.i686                                                6.2-9.20210508.fc36                    @fedora                                         
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                              6.2-9.20210508.fc36                    @fedora                                         
ndctl.x86_64                                                     74-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                                74-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
neovim.x86_64                                                    0.8.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                             1:5.9.3-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
net-tools.x86_64                                                 2.0-0.61.20160912git.fc36              @fedora                                         
netavark.x86_64                                                  1.0.3-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
nettle.x86_64                                                    3.8-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
nfs-utils.x86_64                                                 1:2.6.2-0.fc36                         @updates                                        
nftables.x86_64                                                  1:1.0.1-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                                           3-6.fc36                               @fedora                                         
ninja-build.x86_64                                               1.10.2-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                                      1.26.0-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                                 3:7.93-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
nodejs.x86_64                                                    1:16.14.0-2.fc36                       @fedora                                         
nodejs-docs.noarch                                               1:16.14.0-2.fc36                       @fedora                                         
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                          1:16.14.0-2.fc36                       @fedora                                         
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                               1:16.14.0-2.fc36                       @fedora                                         
nodejs-packaging.noarch                                          2021.06-4.fc36                         @fedora                                         
nordvpn.x86_64                                                   3.14.2-1                               @nordvpn                                        
nordvpn-release.noarch                                           1.0.0-1                                @@commandline                                   
npm.x86_64                                                       1:8.3.1-1.16.14.0.2.fc36               @fedora                                         
npth.x86_64                                                      1.6-8.fc36                             @fedora                                         
nspr.x86_64                                                      4.34.0-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
nss.x86_64                                                       3.81.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
nss-mdns.x86_64                                                  0.15.1-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
nss-softokn.x86_64                                               3.81.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                        3.81.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                               3.81.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
nss-util.x86_64                                                  3.81.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                                   2:2022.5.17-1.fc36                     @updates                                        
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                              2:2022.5.17-1.fc36                     @updates                                        
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                                1.0-9.fc36                             @updates                                        
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                                 2:2022.5.17-1.fc36                     @updates                                        
numactl-libs.x86_64                                              2.0.14-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
numad.x86_64                                                     0.5-36.20150602git.fc36                @fedora                                         
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                                       20220815-139.fc36                      @updates                                        
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                         6-6.fc36                               @fedora                                         
oniguruma.x86_64                                                 6.9.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                             12.1.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                                     12.1.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
openblas.x86_64                                                  0.3.19-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                           0.3.19-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                                      2-11.fc36                              @fedora                                         
openconnect.x86_64                                               9.01-3.fc36                            @updates                                        
openexr-libs.x86_64                                              3.1.5-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
openh264.x86_64                                                  2.3.0-1.fc36                           @fedora-cisco-openh264                          
openjpeg2.x86_64                                                 2.4.0-10.fc36                          @updates                                        
openldap.x86_64                                                  2.6.2-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
openldap-compat.x86_64                                           2.6.2-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
opensc.x86_64                                                    0.22.0-6.fc36                          @updates                                        
openscap.x86_64                                                  1:1.3.6-5.fc36                         @updates                                        
openscap-scanner.x86_64                                          1:1.3.6-5.fc36                         @updates                                        
openscap-utils.x86_64                                            1:1.3.6-5.fc36                         @updates                                        
opensp.x86_64                                                    1.5.2-39.fc36                          @fedora                                         
openssh.x86_64                                                   8.8p1-1.fc36.1                         @fedora                                         
openssh-askpass.x86_64                                           8.8p1-1.fc36.1                         @fedora                                         
openssh-clients.x86_64                                           8.8p1-1.fc36.1                         @fedora                                         
openssh-server.x86_64                                            8.8p1-1.fc36.1                         @fedora                                         
openssl.x86_64                                                   1:3.0.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
openssl-libs.x86_64                                              1:3.0.5-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                            0.4.12-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
openvpn.x86_64                                                   2.5.7-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
opus.i686                                                        1.3.1-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
opus.x86_64                                                      1.3.1-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
orc.x86_64                                                       0.4.31-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
orca.noarch                                                      42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
os-prober.x86_64                                                 1.77-9.fc36                            @fedora                                         
osbuild.noarch                                                   65-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-composer.x86_64                                          62-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-composer-core.x86_64                                     62-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-composer-dnf-json.x86_64                                 62-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-composer-worker.x86_64                                   62-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-luks2.noarch                                             65-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-lvm2.noarch                                              65-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-ostree.noarch                                            65-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-selinux.noarch                                           65-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osbuild-tools.noarch                                             65-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
osinfo-db.noarch                                                 20220830-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                           1.10.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
ostree.x86_64                                                    2022.5-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
ostree-libs.x86_64                                               2022.5-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
p11-kit.x86_64                                                   0.24.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                            0.24.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                             0.24.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
p7zip.x86_64                                                     16.02-22.fc36                          @fedora                                         
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                             16.02-22.fc36                          @fedora                                         
package-notes-srpm-macros.noarch                                 0.4-14.fc36                            @fedora                                         
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                                 6.0-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
pam.x86_64                                                       1.5.2-13.fc36                          @updates                                        
pam-libs.x86_64                                                  1.5.2-13.fc36                          @updates                                        
pam_afs_session.x86_64                                           2.6-16.fc36                            @fedora                                         
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                                              2.0.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pango.x86_64                                                     1.50.9-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pangomm.x86_64                                                   2.46.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
paps.x86_64                                                      0.7.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
parallel.noarch                                                  20220822-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
parted.x86_64                                                    3.4-13.fc36                            @updates                                        
passwd.x86_64                                                    0.80-12.fc36                           @fedora                                         
passwdqc.x86_64                                                  2.0.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                                            2.0.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
patch.x86_64                                                     2.7.6-16.fc36                          @fedora                                         
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                                1.1-9.fc36                             @fedora                                         
pciutils.x86_64                                                  3.7.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                             3.7.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pcre.x86_64                                                      8.45-1.fc36.1                          @fedora                                         
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                                  8.45-1.fc36.1                          @fedora                                         
pcre-devel.x86_64                                                8.45-1.fc36.1                          @fedora                                         
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                                8.45-1.fc36.1                          @fedora                                         
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                                8.45-1.fc36.1                          @fedora                                         
pcre2.i686                                                       10.40-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
pcre2.x86_64                                                     10.40-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                               10.40-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                              10.40-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                               10.40-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                               10.40-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                                 1.9.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                            1.5.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                            1.9.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                          1.68-7.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                                           5.74-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-B.x86_64                                                    1.82-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                                   0.26-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                                           7.4-25.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Carp.noarch                                                 1.52-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                            6.08-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                               0.09-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                                      1.36-9.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                               2.13-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                                      1.6-5.fc36                             @fedora                                         
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                                         0.66-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                                     1.19-26.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Clone.x86_64                                                0.45-7.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                                   2.101-480.fc36                         @fedora                                         
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                                    2.101-481.fc36                         @updates                                        
perl-Crypt-RC4.noarch                                            2.02-31.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                            1.25-3.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                          2.183-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                         0.112-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                            6.4-21.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                                         0.005-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                                           6.88-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                             2:1.57-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                             1:1.79-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                                      1.36-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                                    2.53-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                            0.010-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                             0.011-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                                    0.008-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                                         2.06-27.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                                       0.05-28.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                                     1:2.04-11.fc36                         @fedora                                         
perl-Digest.noarch                                               1.20-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                                          1.04-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Digest-MD4.x86_64                                           1.9-30.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                           2.58-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Digest-Perl-MD5.noarch                                      1.9-25.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                           1:6.03-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                                  0.11-24.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                                           1.50-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                                 0.003-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Encode.x86_64                                               4:3.17-485.fc36                        @updates                                        
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                        1.05-22.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-English.noarch                                              1.11-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Errno.x86_64                                                1.33-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Error.noarch                                                1:0.17029-8.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                                         0.14-17.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                                      1.45-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Exporter.noarch                                             5.76-480.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                                        1.002002-7.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                                1.14-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-File-Basename.noarch                                        2.85-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-File-Compare.noarch                                         1.100.600-486.fc36                     @fedora                                         
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                            2.35-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-File-Find.noarch                                            1.39-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                         6.15-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-File-Path.noarch                                            2.18-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                                        1.118-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                            1:0.231.100-479.fc36                   @fedora                                         
perl-File-stat.noarch                                            1.09-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-FileHandle.noarch                                           2.03-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Finance-Quote.noarch                                        1.52-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                          1:2.52-479.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                                           1.13-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Git.noarch                                                  2.37.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
perl-HTML-Element-Extended.noarch                                1.18-25.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                                          3.78-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-HTML-Selector-XPath.noarch                                  0.26-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-HTML-TableExtract.noarch                                    2.15-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                                          3.20-49.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-HTML-TokeParser-Simple.noarch                               3.16-26.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                            1:5.07-18.fc36                         @fedora                                         
perl-HTML-TreeBuilder-LibXML.noarch                              0.26-24.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-HTML-TreeBuilder-XPath.noarch                               0.14-31.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                                         6.10-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                            6.05-8.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                                         6.36-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                                       6.01-31.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                            0.082-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                                  1.21-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                                        0.19-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-IO.x86_64                                                   1.46-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                          2.102-481.fc36                         @updates                                        
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                              1.004-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                         0.41-480.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                        2.074-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                                           2.113-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                            1.21-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-JSON.noarch                                                 4.05-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Jcode.noarch                                                2.07-37.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                                       6.04-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                                   6.10-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                                       0.430-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                                    0.430-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                          3.16-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                           0.15-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                          1:1.9998.30-1.fc36                     @updates                                        
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                         1.59-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                                0.09-32.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                          1:0.36-479.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                                       0.016-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                           20211001-2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                            1.15-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-NTLM.noarch                                                 1.09-31.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                             6.22-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                           1.92-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-OLE-Storage_Lite.noarch                                     0.20-8.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                                1.97-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                                    1.106-24.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                                        0.40-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                                     0.29-12.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                            2.5-5.fc36                             @fedora                                         
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                                      0.015-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                          1.102-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                            0.30-14.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                                     1.967015-16.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                            3.80-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                          1:1.07-479.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                             1.27-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                          3.28.01-480.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                           1:3.43-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                            4:2.01-479.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                             0.204-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                                          0.117-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                            2.002004-5.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                                    5:1.63-489.fc36                        @updates                                        
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                                          1.02-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Socket.x86_64                                               4:2.036-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
perl-Specio.noarch                                               0.47-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel.x86_64                               0.6500-31.fc36                         @fedora                                         
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel.noarch                               2.40-24.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Spreadsheet-XLSX.noarch                                     0.17-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Storable.x86_64                                             1:3.25-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-String-Util.noarch                                          1.32-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                         0.988-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                             0.001013-17.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                                         0.14-18.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                          0.928-30.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Symbol.noarch                                               1.09-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                                          1:1.48.3-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                                       5.01-480.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                             1.17-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                                        1.17-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                          2.38-12.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                        2.04-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Text-CSV_XS.x86_64                                          1.47-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                                      3.31-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                                       2021.0814-2.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perl-Text-Template.noarch                                        1.60-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                         3.14-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Tie.noarch                                                  4.6-486.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                           2:1.300-479.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                           1.3401-486.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                             1:2.33-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                             0.31-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-UNIVERSAL-isa.noarch                                        1.20171012-13.fc35                     @fedora                                         
perl-UNIVERSAL-require.noarch                                    0.19-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-URI.noarch                                                  5.10-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-Unicode-Map.x86_64                                          0.112-56.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                                       0.62-15.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                                       6.02-31.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-Web-Scraper.noarch                                          0.38-22.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                                           1:2.0207-5.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                                 1.12-16.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                              1.02-9.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                                         1.09-16.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-XML-XPathEngine.noarch                                      0.14-24.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-XString.x86_64                                              0.005-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-YAML.noarch                                                 1.30-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-autouse.noarch                                              1.11-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-base.noarch                                                 2.27-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-constant.noarch                                             1.33-480.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-hivex.x86_64                                                1.3.21-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-if.noarch                                                   0.60.900-486.fc36                      @fedora                                         
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                          4:5.34.1-486.fc36                      @fedora                                         
perl-lib.x86_64                                                  0.65-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                                         1.32-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
perl-libnet.noarch                                               3.13-480.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-libs.x86_64                                                 4:5.34.1-486.fc36                      @fedora                                         
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                                          6.67-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
perl-locale.noarch                                               1.10-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-mro.x86_64                                                  1.25-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                                  0.29-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                                      0.27-19.fc36                           @fedora                                         
perl-overload.noarch                                             1.33-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-overloading.noarch                                          0.02-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-parent.noarch                                               1:0.238-479.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perl-podlators.noarch                                            1:4.14-479.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                          1-43.fc36                              @fedora                                         
perl-subs.noarch                                                 1.04-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-threads.x86_64                                              1:2.26-449.fc36                        @fedora                                         
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                       1.62-479.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-vars.noarch                                                 1.05-486.fc36                          @fedora                                         
perl-version.x86_64                                              8:0.99.29-5.fc36                       @fedora                                         
perltidy.noarch                                                  20220217-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
pigz.x86_64                                                      2.7-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
pinentry.x86_64                                                  1.2.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                           1.2.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pinfo.x86_64                                                     0.6.10-29.fc36                         @fedora                                         
pipewire.x86_64                                                  0.3.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                             0.3.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                        0.3.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                        0.3.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                             0.3.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                                       0.3.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                            0.3.57-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
pixman.x86_64                                                    0.40.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                             1.29.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
pkgconf.x86_64                                                   1.8.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                                1.8.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                        1.8.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
plymouth.x86_64                                                  22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                        22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                                    22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                                     22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                                  22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                          22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                                     22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                                    22.02.122-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
policycoreutils.x86_64                                           3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                                     3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                              3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
polkit.x86_64                                                    0.120-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
polkit-libs.x86_64                                               0.120-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                        0.1-21.fc36                            @fedora                                         
poppler.x86_64                                                   22.01.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                               22.01.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
poppler-data.noarch                                              0.4.11-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
poppler-glib.x86_64                                              22.01.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
poppler-utils.x86_64                                             22.01.0-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
popt.x86_64                                                      1.18-7.fc36                            @fedora                                         
postgresql.x86_64                                                14.3-2.fc36                            @updates                                        
postgresql-contrib.x86_64                                        14.3-2.fc36                            @updates                                        
postgresql-private-libs.x86_64                                   14.3-2.fc36                            @updates                                        
postgresql-server.x86_64                                         14.3-2.fc36                            @updates                                        
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                                     0.12-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
ppp.x86_64                                                       2.4.9-7.fc36                           @updates                                        
pptp.x86_64                                                      1.10.0-14.fc36                         @fedora                                         
procps-ng.x86_64                                                 3.3.17-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
protobuf.x86_64                                                  3.19.4-6.fc36                          @updates                                        
protobuf-c.x86_64                                                1.4.1-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
psacct.x86_64                                                    6.6.4-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
psmisc.x86_64                                                    23.4-3.fc36                            @fedora                                         
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                                   20210518-4.fc36                        @fedora                                         
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                             15.0-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                           15.0-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                                     15.0-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                          15.0-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                                      1.3.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python-pip-wheel.noarch                                          21.3.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                     5.15.6-7.fc36                          @updates                                        
python-rpm-macros.noarch                                         3.10-19.fc36                           @updates                                        
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                                   59.6.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                        3.10-19.fc36                           @updates                                        
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                                        234-20.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python-unversioned-command.noarch                                3.10.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3.x86_64                                                   3.10.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-Bottleneck.x86_64                                        1.3.2-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-CommonMark.noarch                                        0.9.1-8.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                                           0.10.1-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-QtPy.noarch                                              2.0.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-abrt.x86_64                                              2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                                        2.15.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-ansible-lint.noarch                                      1:5.4.0-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
python3-argcomplete.noarch                                       2.0.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-attrs.noarch                                             21.4.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-audit.x86_64                                             3.0.9-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-augeas.noarch                                            1.1.0-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-babel.noarch                                             2.9.1-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                            3.2.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-beaker.noarch                                            1.10.0-13.fc36                         @fedora                                         
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                                    4.11.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-blivet.noarch                                            1:3.4.4-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                          2.27-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
python3-bracex.noarch                                            2.1.1-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                            0.8.4-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                          2.7-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
python3-cached_property.noarch                                   1.5.2-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-cachetools.noarch                                        5.0.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-cairo.x86_64                                             1.21.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-certifi.noarch                                           2021.10.8-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
python3-cffi.x86_64                                              1.15.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-chardet.noarch                                           4.0.0-17.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                                2.0.11-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-click.noarch                                             8.0.4-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-cloud-what.x86_64                                        1.29.30-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
python3-crypto.x86_64                                            2.6.1-39.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-cryptography.x86_64                                      36.0.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-cups.x86_64                                              2.0.1-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-dasbus.noarch                                            1.6-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
python3-dateutil.noarch                                          1:2.8.1-8.fc36                         @fedora                                         
python3-dbus.x86_64                                              1.2.18-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-decorator.noarch                                         5.1.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-defusedxml.noarch                                        0.7.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-devel.x86_64                                             3.10.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-distro.noarch                                            1.6.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                                         3.12.2-27.20210630gitf0a089a1.fc36     @updates                                        
python3-dnf.noarch                                               4.14.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-dnf-plugin-system-upgrade.noarch                         4.0.17-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                  4.3.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-dnf-plugins-extras-common.noarch                         4.0.17-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-docker.noarch                                            5.0.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-docker+ssh.noarch                                        5.0.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-docker-pycreds.noarch                                    0.4.0-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-dockerpty.noarch                                         0.4.1-24.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-docopt.noarch                                            0.6.2-22.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-docutils.noarch                                          0.17.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-dotenv.noarch                                            0.19.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-dotenv+cli.noarch                                        0.19.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-enchant.noarch                                           3.2.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-enrich.noarch                                            1.2.7-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-et_xmlfile.noarch                                        1.0.1-24.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-ethtool.x86_64                                           0.15-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-evdev.x86_64                                             1.5.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-fb-re2.x86_64                                            1.0.7-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-firewall.noarch                                          1.0.5-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-fsspec.noarch                                            2022.7.1-1.fc36~bootstrap              @updates                                        
python3-gcsfs.noarch                                             0.6.2-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-gobject.x86_64                                           3.42.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                                      3.42.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                               3.42.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-google-auth.noarch                                       1:2.10.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
python3-google-auth-oauthlib.noarch                              0.4.1-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-gpg.x86_64                                               1.15.1-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-greenlet.x86_64                                          1.1.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                            1.7.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                            0.68.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-html5lib.noarch                                          1:1.1-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-humanize.noarch                                          3.13.1-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-idna.noarch                                              3.3-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
python3-iniconfig.noarch                                         1.1.1-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-iniparse.noarch                                          0.4-46.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-inotify.noarch                                           0.9.6-26.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-jdcal.noarch                                             1.4.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-jinja2.noarch                                            3.0.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-jsonschema.noarch                                        3.2.0-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-jwt.noarch                                               2.4.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-jwt+crypto.noarch                                        2.4.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-kickstart.noarch                                         3.36-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-koji.noarch                                              1.30.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-langtable.noarch                                         0.0.58-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                          0.1.18-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                            0.68.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-librepo.x86_64                                           1.14.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-libreport.x86_64                                         2.17.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-libs.x86_64                                              3.10.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                        3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                                       3.3-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
python3-libvirt.x86_64                                           8.0.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                           2.9.14-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-louis.noarch                                             3.22.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-lxml.x86_64                                              4.7.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-mako.noarch                                              1.1.4-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                        2.1.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-meh.noarch                                               0.50-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                           0.50-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-nftables.x86_64                                          1:1.0.1-3.fc36                         @fedora                                         
python3-ntlm-auth.noarch                                         1.5.0-8.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-numexpr.x86_64                                           2.8.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-numpy.x86_64                                             1:1.22.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                                        1:1.22.0-2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
python3-oauthlib.noarch                                          3.0.2-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-oauthlib+signedtoken.noarch                              3.0.2-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-odfpy.noarch                                             1.4.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-olefile.noarch                                           0.46-16.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-openpyxl.noarch                                          3.0.3-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-osbuild.noarch                                           65-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
python3-packaging.noarch                                         21.3-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-pandas.x86_64                                            1.3.5-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-pandas-datareader.noarch                                 0.10.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-paramiko.noarch                                          2.11.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-paste.noarch                                             3.5.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-pathspec.noarch                                          0.10.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-pexpect.noarch                                           4.8.0-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pid.noarch                                               2.2.3-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pillow.x86_64                                            9.1.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-pip.noarch                                               21.3.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pluggy.noarch                                            1.0.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-ply.noarch                                               3.11-15.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                                   3.3-4.fc36                             @fedora                                         
python3-productmd.noarch                                         1.33-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-progressbar2.noarch                                      3.53.2-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-psutil.x86_64                                            5.8.0-13.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                                          2.9.1-1.fc35                           @fedora                                         
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                        0.6.0-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                         1.4.4-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-py.noarch                                                1.11.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                         21.0.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                            0.4.8-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                                    0.4.8-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                           2.38.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pycparser.noarch                                         2.20-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                            7.45.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                            1.7.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-pygments.noarch                                          2.11.2-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                            1.4.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                         2.4.7-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                          1:3.12.0-1.fc36                        @fedora                                         
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                         12.9.0-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pyrsistent.x86_64                                        0.18.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pysocks.noarch                                           1.7.1-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pytest.noarch                                            6.2.5-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-pytz.noarch                                              2022.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-pyudev.noarch                                            0.22.0-8.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                             0.27-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                            6.0-3.fc36                             @fedora                                         
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                          5.15.6-7.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-regex.x86_64                                             2022.8.17-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
python3-requests.noarch                                          2.27.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-requests-file.noarch                                     1.5.1-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                                      0.3.1-24.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                                   1.2.3-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                                 1.3.0-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-requests_ntlm.noarch                                     1.1.0-16.fc35                          @fedora                                         
python3-resolvelib.noarch                                        0.5.5-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-rich.noarch                                              12.5.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-rpm.x86_64                                               4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                                    12-15.fc36                             @updates                                        
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                                        3.10-19.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-rpmautospec.noarch                                       0.3.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-rsa.noarch                                               4.8-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
python3-ruamel-yaml.x86_64                                       0.16.6-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                                  0.1.2-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-scipy.x86_64                                             1.8.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-setools.x86_64                                           4.4.0-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-setuptools.noarch                                        59.6.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                                       1.0.4-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-simpleline.noarch                                        1.9.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-six.noarch                                               1.16.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-soupsieve.noarch                                         2.3.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-speechd.x86_64                                           0.11.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                                        1.4.40-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64                         1.29.30-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
python3-systemd.x86_64                                           234-20.fc36                            @fedora                                         
python3-tables.x86_64                                            3.7.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-tabulate.noarch                                          0.8.10-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-tabulate+widechars.noarch                                0.8.10-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-tempita.noarch                                           0.5.2-2.fc35                           @anaconda                                       
python3-tenacity.noarch                                          8.0.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-texttable.noarch                                         1.6.2-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-toml.noarch                                              0.10.2-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-tracer.noarch                                            0.7.8-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-unbound.x86_64                                           1.16.2-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
python3-urllib3.noarch                                           1.26.8-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-utils.noarch                                             2.5.6-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-wcmatch.noarch                                           8.1.2-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-wcwidth.noarch                                           0.2.5-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-webencodings.noarch                                      0.5.1-17.fc36                          @fedora                                         
python3-websocket-client.noarch                                  1.3.2-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
python3-winrm.noarch                                             0.4.1-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-xarray.noarch                                            2022.6.0-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
python3-xlrd.noarch                                              2.0.1-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-xlsxwriter.noarch                                        3.0.3-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-xlwt.noarch                                              1.3.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
python3-xmltodict.noarch                                         0.12.0-14.fc36                         @fedora                                         
qemu-audio-alsa.x86_64                                           2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-audio-jack.x86_64                                           2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-audio-oss.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-audio-pa.x86_64                                             2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-audio-sdl.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-audio-spice.x86_64                                          2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-block-curl.x86_64                                           2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-block-dmg.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-block-gluster.x86_64                                        2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-block-iscsi.x86_64                                          2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-block-nfs.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-block-rbd.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-block-ssh.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-char-baum.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-char-spice.x86_64                                           2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-common.x86_64                                               2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-qxl.x86_64                                   2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-vhost-user-gpu.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-gl.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64                        2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci-gl.x86_64                     2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-display-virtio-vga-gl.x86_64                         2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-usb-host.x86_64                                      2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                                  2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-device-usb-smartcard.x86_64                                 2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                          2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-img.x86_64                                                  2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                                  2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                             2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-system-x86.x86_64                                           2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-system-x86-core.x86_64                                      2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-ui-curses.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                                      2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-ui-gtk.x86_64                                               2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-ui-opengl.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-ui-sdl.x86_64                                               2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-ui-spice-app.x86_64                                         2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-ui-spice-core.x86_64                                        2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qemu-virtiofsd.x86_64                                            2:6.2.0-14.fc36                        @updates                                        
qgnomeplatform-qt5.x86_64                                        0.8.4-12.fc36                          @updates                                        
qgnomeplatform-qt6.x86_64                                        0.8.4-12.fc36                          @updates                                        
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                                 10.6.3-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                             4.1.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
qt-settings.noarch                                               36.1-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                                5.15.5-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                         5.15.5-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                            5.15.5-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                         5.15.5-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                             5.15.5-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                           5.15.5-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                         5.15.5-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                           5.15.5-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
qt6-qtbase.x86_64                                                6.3.1-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                                         6.3.1-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
qt6-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                            6.3.1-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
qt6-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                         6.3.1-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
qt6-qtsvg.x86_64                                                 6.3.1-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
qt6-qtwayland.x86_64                                             6.3.1-5.fc36                           @updates                                        
quota.x86_64                                                     1:4.06-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
quota-nls.noarch                                                 1:4.06-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
raptor2.x86_64                                                   2.0.15-32.fc36                         @fedora                                         
rasqal.x86_64                                                    0.9.33-18.fc36                         @fedora                                         
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                                0.5.0-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
re2.x86_64                                                       1:20211101-3.fc36                      @fedora                                         
readline.x86_64                                                  8.1-6.fc36                             @fedora                                         
realmd.x86_64                                                    0.17.0-9.fc36                          @fedora                                         
redhat-internal-NetworkManager-openvpn-profiles.noarch           0.1-52.el7                             @@commandline                                   
redhat-internal-NetworkManager-openvpn-profiles-non-gnome.noarch 0.1-52.el7                             @@commandline                                   
redhat-internal-cert-install.noarch                              0.1-24.el7                             @@commandline                                   
redhat-internal-openvpn-profiles.noarch                          0.1-52.el7                             @@commandline                                   
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                                           4.1-56.fc36                            @fedora                                         
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                                4.1-56.fc36                            @fedora                                         
redhat-menus.noarch                                              12.0.2-21.fc36                         @fedora                                         
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                                         222-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
redland.x86_64                                                   1.0.17-29.fc36                         @fedora                                         
reportd.x86_64                                                   0.7.4-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
rest.x86_64                                                      0.8.1-12.fc36                          @fedora                                         
rhash.x86_64                                                     1.4.2-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
rhythmbox.x86_64                                                 3.4.6-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
ripgrep.x86_64                                                   13.0.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                                       1.3-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
rootfiles.noarch                                                 8.1-31.fc36                            @fedora                                         
rpcbind.x86_64                                                   1.2.6-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
rpm.x86_64                                                       4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
rpm-build.x86_64                                                 4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                            4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
rpm-libs.x86_64                                                  4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
rpm-ostree.x86_64                                                2022.13-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                                           2022.13-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                        4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                                4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                             4.17.1-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                                    0.3.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
rpmdevtools.noarch                                               9.6-1.fc36                             @fedora                                         
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch                             36-4.fc36                              @rpmfusion-free                                 
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                                    36-1                                   @rpmfusion-free                                 
rsync.x86_64                                                     3.2.5-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
rtkit.x86_64                                                     0.11-30.fc36                           @updates                                        
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                          22-1.fc36                              @updates                                        
rygel.x86_64                                                     0.40.4-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
samba-client.x86_64                                              2:4.16.5-0.fc36                        @updates                                        
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                         2:4.16.5-0.fc36                        @updates                                        
samba-common.noarch                                              2:4.16.5-0.fc36                        @updates                                        
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                         2:4.16.5-0.fc36                        @updates                                        
sane-airscan.x86_64                                              0.99.27-4.fc36                         @fedora                                         
sane-backends.x86_64                                             1.1.1-6.fc36                           @updates                                        
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                             1.1.1-6.fc36                           @updates                                        
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                            1.1.1-6.fc36                           @updates                                        
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                        1.1.1-6.fc36                           @updates                                        
satyr.x86_64                                                     0.39-4.fc36                            @fedora                                         
scap-security-guide.noarch                                       0.1.63-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
scap-workbench.x86_64                                            1.2.1-10.fc35                          @fedora                                         
scrub.x86_64                                                     2.6.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
seabios-bin.noarch                                               1.16.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                            1.16.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
sed.x86_64                                                       4.8-10.fc36                            @fedora                                         
selinux-policy.noarch                                            36.14-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                                      36.14-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                                   36.14-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
serd.x86_64                                                      0.30.10-4.fc36                         @fedora                                         
setup.noarch                                                     2.14.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
setxkbmap.x86_64                                                 1.3.2-5.fc36                           @fedora                                         
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                            1.46-3.fc36                            @fedora                                         
sgabios-bin.noarch                                               1:0.20180715git-8.fc36                 @fedora                                         
sgml-common.noarch                                               0.6.3-58.fc36                          @fedora                                         
sgpio.x86_64                                                     1.2.0.10-30.fc36                       @fedora                                         
shadow-utils.x86_64                                              2:4.11.1-3.fc36                        @updates                                        
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                          2.1-3.fc35                             @anaconda                                       
sheepdog.x86_64                                                  1.0.1-17.fc36                          @fedora                                         
shfmt.x86_64                                                     3.5.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
shim-ia32.x86_64                                                 15.6-2                                 @updates                                        
shim-x64.x86_64                                                  15.6-2                                 @updates                                        
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                                      1.200-23.fc36                          @fedora                                         
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                                         1.000-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                           2.200-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                          3.003-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
simple-scan.x86_64                                               42.1-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
skopeo.x86_64                                                    1:1.9.2-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
slack.x86_64                                                     4.25.0-0.1.fc21                        @@commandline                                   
slirp4netns.x86_64                                               1.2.0-0.2.beta.0.fc36                  @fedora                                         
snap-confine.x86_64                                              2.56.2-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
snapd.x86_64                                                     2.56.2-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
snapd-selinux.noarch                                             2.56.2-4.fc36                          @updates                                        
snappy.x86_64                                                    1.1.9-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
sord.x86_64                                                      0.16.8-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
sos.noarch                                                       4.3-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                                   0.8-17.fc36                            @fedora                                         
soundtouch.x86_64                                                2.3.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
source-highlight.x86_64                                          3.1.9-12.fc36.1                        @fedora                                         
soxr.x86_64                                                      0.1.3-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
spax.x86_64                                                      1.6-6.fc36                             @fedora                                         
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                         0.11.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                               0.11.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
speex.x86_64                                                     1.2.0-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
spice-glib.x86_64                                                0.40-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                                0.40-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
spice-server.x86_64                                              0.15.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                             0.22.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
sqlite.x86_64                                                    3.36.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                              3.36.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                               3.36.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                            4.5.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sratom.x86_64                                                    0.6.8-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
sscg.x86_64                                                      3.0.2-6.fc36                           @fedora                                         
sshpass.x86_64                                                   1.09-3.fc36                            @fedora                                         
sssd.x86_64                                                      2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-ad.x86_64                                                   2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-client.x86_64                                               2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-common.x86_64                                               2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                           2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                                  2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                                  2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                                 2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                          2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                                 2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                            2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                                2.7.4-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
startup-notification.x86_64                                      0.12-23.fc36                           @fedora                                         
stix-fonts.noarch                                                2.0.2-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
stoken-libs.x86_64                                               0.92-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
subscription-manager.x86_64                                      1.29.30-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.noarch                    20220623-1.fc36                        @updates                                        
subversion.x86_64                                                1.14.2-5.fc36                          @updates                                        
subversion-libs.x86_64                                           1.14.2-5.fc36                          @updates                                        
sudo.x86_64                                                      1.9.8-5.p2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                                        1.9.8-5.p2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
suitesparse.x86_64                                               5.10.1-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
supermin.x86_64                                                  5.3.2-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
sushi.x86_64                                                     42.0-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                              0.9.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                        2.6-1.fc36                             @updates                                        
swtpm.x86_64                                                     0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36        @updates                                        
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                                0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36        @updates                                        
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                               0.7.3-1.20220427gitf2268ee.fc36        @updates                                        
symlinks.x86_64                                                  1.7-6.fc36                             @fedora                                         
syslinux.x86_64                                                  6.04-0.22.fc36                         @fedora                                         
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                         6.04-0.22.fc36                         @fedora                                         
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                                6.04-0.22.fc36                         @fedora                                         
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                         6.04-0.22.fc36                         @fedora                                         
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                                     3.44.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                                1.5.18-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                                1.5.18-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
systemd.x86_64                                                   250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-container.x86_64                                         250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-libs.i686                                                250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-libs.x86_64                                              250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                          250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                                     250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-pam.x86_64                                               250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-resolved.x86_64                                          250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                                        250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
systemd-udev.x86_64                                              250.8-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
taglib.x86_64                                                    1.12-6.fc36                            @fedora                                         
tar.x86_64                                                       2:1.34-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
tbb.x86_64                                                       2020.3-9.fc35                          @anaconda                                       
tcl.x86_64                                                       1:8.6.12-2.fc36                        @fedora                                         
tcpdump.x86_64                                                   14:4.99.1-5.fc36                       @fedora                                         
teamd.x86_64                                                     1.31-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
telnet.x86_64                                                    1:0.17-86.fc36                         @fedora                                         
texlive-lib.x86_64                                               9:20210325-47.fc36                     @fedora                                         
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                                0.7.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                                 0.7.3-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
thermald.x86_64                                                  2.4.8-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
tidy.x86_64                                                      5.8.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
tigervnc-license.noarch                                          1.12.0-6.fc36                          @updates                                        
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                                   1.12.0-6.fc36                          @updates                                        
tilix.x86_64                                                     1.9.5-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
time.x86_64                                                      1.9-18.fc36                            @fedora                                         
tmux.x86_64                                                      3.3a-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                              1.4.48-19.fc36                         @fedora                                         
totem.x86_64                                                     1:42.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                           3.26.6-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                                   1:42.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                                5.2-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                                  3.2.0-3.fc36                           @updates                                        
tracer-common.noarch                                             0.7.8-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
traceroute.x86_64                                                3:2.1.0-15.fc36                        @fedora                                         
tracker.x86_64                                                   3.3.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
tracker-miners.x86_64                                            3.3.1-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
tree.x86_64                                                      2.0.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
trousers.x86_64                                                  0.3.15-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
trousers-lib.x86_64                                              0.3.15-6.fc36                          @fedora                                         
tslib.x86_64                                                     1.22-5.fc36                            @fedora                                         
twolame-libs.x86_64                                              0.4.0-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
tzdata.noarch                                                    2022c-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
tzdata-java.noarch                                               2022c-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
uchardet.x86_64                                                  0.0.6-15.fc36                          @fedora                                         
udisks2.x86_64                                                   2.9.4-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                             2.9.4-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                              2.9.4-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
unbound-anchor.x86_64                                            1.16.2-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
unbound-libs.x86_64                                              1.16.2-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
unibilium.x86_64                                                 2.1.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
unicode-ucd.noarch                                               14.0.0-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
unoconv.noarch                                                   0.9.0-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
unzip.x86_64                                                     6.0-57.fc36                            @fedora                                         
upower.x86_64                                                    0.99.20-1.fc36                         @updates                                        
uresourced.x86_64                                                0.5.3-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
urlview.x86_64                                                   0.9-31.20131022git08767a.fc36          @fedora                                         
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                                  20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                                     20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                                 20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                          20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                                   20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                                   20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                           20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                             20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                              20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                                     20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch                      20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                                     20200910-11.fc36                       @updates                                        
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                            2.6.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                                       20191128-6.fc36                        @fedora                                         
usbmuxd.x86_64                                                   1.1.1-7.fc36                           @fedora                                         
usbredir.x86_64                                                  0.12.0-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
usbutils.x86_64                                                  014-2.fc36                             @fedora                                         
usermode.x86_64                                                  1.114-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                             0.13.0-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
utf8proc.x86_64                                                  2.7.0-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
util-linux.x86_64                                                2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
util-linux-core.x86_64                                           2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
util-linux-user.x86_64                                           2.38-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
uuid.x86_64                                                      1.6.2-54.fc36                          @fedora                                         
vim-common.x86_64                                                2:9.0.412-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
vim-data.noarch                                                  2:9.0.412-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                              2:9.0.412-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
vim-filesystem.noarch                                            2:9.0.412-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
vim-minimal.x86_64                                               2:9.0.412-1.fc36                       @updates                                        
virglrenderer.x86_64                                             0.9.1-3.20210420git36391559.fc36       @fedora                                         
virt-install.noarch                                              4.0.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
virt-manager.noarch                                              4.0.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
virt-manager-common.noarch                                       4.0.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
virt-viewer.x86_64                                               11.0-2.fc36                            @fedora                                         
virt-what.x86_64                                                 1.25-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
virt-win-reg.noarch                                              1.48.2-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
virtualbox-guest-additions.x86_64                                6.1.38-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                           0.3.12-15.fc36                         @fedora                                         
vpnc.x86_64                                                      0.5.3-43.svn550.fc36                   @fedora                                         
vpnc-script.noarch                                               20220404-1.git40a8c62c.fc36            @updates                                        
vte-profile.x86_64                                               0.68.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
vte291.x86_64                                                    0.68.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
vulkan-loader.i686                                               1.3.204.0-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                             1.3.204.0-1.fc36                       @fedora                                         
wavpack.x86_64                                                   5.4.0-5.fc36                           @updates                                        
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                                     5-16.fc36                              @updates                                        
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                               2.36.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                                           2.36.7-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                                   0.3.1-8.fc36                           @fedora                                         
weldr-client.x86_64                                              35.5-3.fc36                            @updates                                        
wget.x86_64                                                      1.21.3-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
which.x86_64                                                     2.21-32.fc36                           @fedora                                         
whois-nls.noarch                                                 5.5.13-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
wireless-regdb.noarch                                            2021.08.28-2.fc36                      @fedora                                         
wireplumber.x86_64                                               0.4.11-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                                          0.4.11-3.fc36                          @updates                                        
woff2.x86_64                                                     1.0.2-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
words.noarch                                                     3.0-39.fc36                            @fedora                                         
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                            1:2.10-4.fc36                          @fedora                                         
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                            1.12.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
x265-libs.x86_64                                                 3.5-3.fc36                             @rpmfusion-free                                 
xcb-util.x86_64                                                  0.4.0-19.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                            0.4.0-19.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                          0.4.0-17.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                                       0.3.9-20.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                               0.4.1-22.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xclip.x86_64                                                     0.13-16.git11cba61.fc36                @fedora                                         
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                            0.1.3-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                        1.12.6-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                                  42.3-1.fc36                            @updates                                        
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                                    1.12.0-5.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                             0.17-10.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                         0.10-22.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xdg-utils.noarch                                                 1.1.3-11.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                                         21.5.34-41.20200331hge2ac728aa576.fc35 @fedora                                         
xen-libs.x86_64                                                  4.16.1-8.fc36                          @updates                                        
xen-licenses.x86_64                                              4.16.1-8.fc36                          @updates                                        
xfsprogs.x86_64                                                  5.14.2-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xhost.x86_64                                                     1.0.8-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xisxwayland.x86_64                                               1-3.fc36                               @fedora                                         
xkbcomp.x86_64                                                   1.4.5-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                          2.35.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xml-common.noarch                                                0.6.3-58.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                                  1.51.0-14.fc36                         @fedora                                         
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                           1.51.0-14.fc36                         @fedora                                         
xmlsec1.x86_64                                                   1.2.33-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                               1.2.33-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                           1.2.33-2.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xmlstarlet.x86_64                                                1.6.1-18.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xmodmap.x86_64                                                   1.0.10-3.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                                       22.0.0-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                          19.1.0-7.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                        2.10.6-11.fc36                         @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                        0.5.0-10.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                        2.99.917-52.20200205.fc36              @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                                     1.2.1-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                                      1:1.0.17-3.fc36                        @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                                   0.6.400-3.20210215git5dbad06.fc36      @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                          0.1.5-20.fc35                          @anaconda                                       
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                         2.5.0-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                                       13.2.1-16.fc35                         @anaconda                                       
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                        1.0.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                         1.0.0-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                                    1.20.14-7.fc36                         @updates                                        
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                                      1.20.14-7.fc36                         @updates                                        
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                                  22.1.3-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                                    1.20.14-7.fc36                         @updates                                        
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                            1:1.1.1-2.fc36                         @fedora                                         
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                            1.4.0-14.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xorriso.x86_64                                                   1.5.4-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xq.x86_64                                                        0.0.7-5.fc36                           @updates                                        
xrandr.x86_64                                                    1.5.1-4.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xrdb.x86_64                                                      1.2.1-3.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xsel.x86_64                                                      1.2.0-30.fc36                          @fedora                                         
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                               0.8.1-2.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xz.x86_64                                                        5.2.5-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xz-libs.i686                                                     5.2.5-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
xz-libs.x86_64                                                   5.2.5-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
yajl.x86_64                                                      2.1.0-18.fc36                          @fedora                                         
yamllint.noarch                                                  1.27.1-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
yelp.x86_64                                                      2:42.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
yelp-libs.x86_64                                                 2:42.1-1.fc36                          @fedora                                         
yelp-xsl.noarch                                                  42.0-1.fc36                            @fedora                                         
yum.noarch                                                       4.14.0-1.fc36                          @updates                                        
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                               1.2.2-1.fc36                           @updates                                        
zd1211-firmware.noarch                                           1.5-10.fc36                            @fedora                                         
zenity.x86_64                                                    3.42.1-2.fc36                          @updates                                        
zerofree.x86_64                                                  1.1.1-9.fc36                           @fedora                                         
zfs-fuse.x86_64                                                  0.7.2.2-23.fc36                        @updates                                        
zip.x86_64                                                       3.0-32.fc36                            @fedora                                         
zlib.i686                                                        1.2.11-33.fc36                         @updates                                        
zlib.x86_64                                                      1.2.11-33.fc36                         @updates                                        
zlib-devel.x86_64                                                1.2.11-33.fc36                         @updates                                        
zram-generator.x86_64                                            1.1.2-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                                   1.1.2-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
zsh.x86_64                                                       5.8.1-1.fc36                           @fedora                                         
zstd.x86_64                                                      1.5.2-2.fc36                           @updates                                        
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                                 1.2.0-4.fc36                           @updates                                        
